personal transportation is one of the best innovation.
"We have a lot of old and unused train tracks in my town, so I like to create some kind of manually powered train type vehicle that would each fit several people and could be propelled forward either manually for free or with power for a fee."
Underground walkways at traffic intersections. This would eliminate the need for crosswalks and improve the flow of traffic.
pretty good
"Obviously teleportation would be awesome, like with portals to common places."
"I think it would be great to have a jitney-type bus that you could hail like a cab directly from the street.  The jitney would be electric powered and follow a specific route.  I think this would be great because I live in a town that has many tourists, but does not have a large population.  It could shuttle tourists to different areas, but the tourists wouldn't have to worry about a specific bus schedule.  The jitney could drive on streets that are not bus-accessible (some of our streets are ""old world"" and very narrow). There is also some frustration in my town about not having a vibrant night life because of lack of public transportation.  This jitney would allow people to go downtown, especially college students, and have some drinks without worrying about driving.  One of the stops would be the college campus. The jitney would have a very low fair to encourage people not to drink and drive.  This jitney would help downtown businesses and restaurants."
"There should be large carousel in the city that circles the block, so people just get on a horse and go where they can."
A system with auto mated self driving vehicles powered by cold fusion technology
"Telepads! The Transportation of the Future! Simply step on this portal pad, and you are instantly transported to your location! The movement of molecules into energy is completely safe, and many users only experience a minor burning sensation for a minute after the teleportation process. Forget flying cars, late trains or other outdated modes of transport, and tele away with Telepads!"
pod like stock cars for city that run on electric. They can be in routes and be like taxis but driverless.
I imagine a magnetic public hovercraft system that goes to individual homes on a grid.
Combining food delivery services with taxi driving to maximize efficiency.
I would love to see a light rail system in my community. I am thinking of above ground trains that would run to the various suburbs and take people to various local stops. These trains should run a regular schedule so people can use them to commute.
A station with a tube in the ground with a high speed pod that would shoot me at a quick speed across the city or across the country in a couple hours. It would be faster than an airplane and safer too.
Vacuum tunnels like the ones that banks use. Get into a pod and set a destination.
It be awesome to have Subways to get to downtown faster for Football game and save money on parking.
Conveyer belt-like roads - the roads move instead of the cars while on a freeway until time to exit -- I haven't figured that out yet.
Make an interstate system that is powered by a conveyor belt.
A high-speed rail that goes around the neighborhood into the city.
"My neighborhood will continue to use mainly personal vehicles as a mode of transportation, though the downtown area is working on an underground rail system."
"A human carrying drone. This would require it to be build and withstand certain weight thresholds, such as up to 200 pounds. You would call a drone in and let it know where you want to go. It would pick you up and fly you there at a decent rate of speed and without having to sit in traffic."
"My small rural town doesn't even have an intact bus system, so anything would be better than it is now. But I would like a service that has people who drive pick up trucks to help you move things. For instance, if you go to the store and purchase a new couch, I'd like to have something like Uber for Pick Up Trucks to call and have them bring my sofa home so that I don't have to pay for outragious delivery fees from the store."
"ROAD TRANSPORT - BICYCLE (GOOD EXERCISE FOR OUR WHOLE BODY, LOW COST AND NO POLLUTION.

http://postimg.org/image/kihkw2291/"
Uber like school bus system
a bus that plays all 80s music all the time
"A way to connect your car with a mobile phone app - you would broadcast your intended route (such as commuting home from work) and share this route with people in your local area. For a small fee (under $5) - someone could ask to ""Ride Along"" with you along your route - but with no deviations - they would be allowed to get out along the way, but not change your intended path of travel."
we can have a carpooling service where people drive together for free. gas is paid for by every 10th person.
There should be a place to rent bicycles for a nominal fee for a day like they do in the big cities. You can rent a bicycle and return it to any place that also rents the same bicycles. You could also rent scooters to be able to do small errands around town.
"Change the road into a high speed moving floor, like what they have at airport terminals but faster and with chairs to sit in.  You can board a chair in a parking lot/driveway and operate a machine to choose destination.  The chair will then merge into the moving road and go for the destination."
"I'm imagining a car sharing service with locations throughout the city where you can go pick up a car without having to reserve one in advance. Nor would you have to interact with any people at the pickup/dropoff location. It would be somehow automated. Perhaps you would subscribe to the service an at annual or monthly rate and be given a special kind of 'key' that would give access to any of the cars currently at the pick up location. It would be first come first serve, and there would be smart technology embedded in both the cars and the keys. Your universal key would be linked to your account, and the car you used would transmit all relevant information to the system. Such as , time of pick up. number of miles drive. amount of gas used. Then the fees would be adjusted accordingly based on the type of car you used, miles driven, gas consumed etc. all of this without any human employees and all the fuss that comes with tradiional car rental. Things like insurance and billing info would all be done upfront when a patron sets up an account. This is genius, the more i think about it!"
my city needs a subway system badly. A subway system would run in a star shaped pattern through the city and eliminate the terrible traffic in my city
"Car sharing. Everyone can join a club which has some monthly fee, let's say $100. If they pay this, then they find someone who lets them ride everyday with them to work and back home. They driver gets most of the money (the rest goes to overhead) and takes them to and from work everyday. So I guess it's like a taxi service with a monthly fee, hopefully that using people that work with you at your job."
A flying bike that can come straight to you with a click of a button from your phone or tablet.
"Elon Musk's Hyperloop, Hi speed trains traveling in tubes above the city."
"A magnetic railway car, like a trolley, that moves and stops by people pressing buttons on the side of the road"
"While not practical, Shooting people across the city in canons would be awesome. Perhaps like the air compressed bank tubes for sending stuff out to drivethru?"
"Sleeper buses that pick you up after a night of drinking, and take you to your workplace in the morning, which include showers."
"I think having a streetcar system would be amazing, it could be automated to accept fares, and would provide safe transportation for all."
we introduce solar vehicles.
"A bicycle that is completely powered using solar batteries. Therefore, it needs neither peddling nor gasoline for it to keep going."
A human taxi system like they have in Asian countries. A guy can run around with a cart and pick up passengers.
In the city i live in there is no public transportation. If some rails or buses could be brought in it could help a lot of people here.
remove all non commercial traffic.  have extensive light rail connected to robust subway system.  have storage containers deliver large goods.
"A great mode of transportation in my neighborhood could be a bus or tram that runs along the local parkway (a road that basically goes across the whole town) people would be able to hop on it and ride it to their destination and be there within walking distance when getting off the bus/tram. Could be relatively cheap, clear up traffic with less people having to drive around, and is highly economical."
Smarter stop lights that are better at managing traffic congestion
"I can imagine a speedbus being a new form of transportation.  It can have its own lane or tracks, and go as fast or faster than a train."
"Something like Uber or Lyft, but for getting kids to school. This way it's on an as needed basis rather than paying a flat fee for bus service that may not always be used for one reason or another. Especially when the child is staying late for practice or what not."
Busses that come by every 15 minutes to popular spots on campus. Make the schedule more on time and more available to students.
Railways - Play a leading role in carrying passengers and cargo across India's vast territory.
I thinking of transportation that you can transport yourself through your mind.  It would be through dreams that are real.
"It's a local version of Uber or Lyft, where you can download an app to get rides near you."
"How about a deluxe line of buses. You have to pay 150 or above a month for a pass, but these run better routes, and they actually run on time. The regular monthly bus pass is 65, but the service is terrible. On this new route, absolutely no discounts, no half fares, no free rides. Always have security on the bus to get rid of the riff raff. This new deluxe bus wouldn't even share stops with the regular bus route."
"I would love it if the city made walking and riding a bike more user friendly. There are no areas that are safe for pedestrians or bikers. If there were a bike lane, more people could move independently and get to where they are going. Commuters using more than one mode of transportation would be able to get to their destinations more quickly and with greater safety."
Ridesharing/carpooling website
A carpool app. It has profiles of possible matches and helps match up route schedules.
I imagine a transportation system in which we all use underground super chutes. They move us from place to place within our town super fast. It would have to be set up so everything is safe of course. I imagine a network of these chutes spreading throughout the city and they pop you up wherever you want to go. Wouldn't that be amazing?
An over the ground monorail would be an effective way to their respective destination.  This would cut down on neighborhood traffic and also be a safe mode of transportation for kids.  Additionally this monorail system could be set up on the school start and end times to make sure kids arrive on time.
Just a more streamlined bus and rail service. I'd make buses easier to track.
"I'd love to see an all-electric option for carpooling at the school where I work. There are 5 families whose children/adults work or attend school at the same place, and we live on the same street. We are about 10 miles from school. We could all ride to school together, charge the vehicle while we are at school, and ride home together."
"I'd like to see vehicles that will fly, take up little space on the ground, go up and down more like a helicopter so large parking runways are not needed. These cars would almost fly themselves and need little direction other than where they're going."
We plan for buy a battery car for our neighbor which help us for the transport. . It will help us to control the pollution for our environment .
"It would be better if the government will create a new transpo scheme wherein there will be a separate lane for buses, a separate late wherein it is closed for every other vehicle and there are stations for the customers just like in train/subway system, card system will be used in the stations estimated time of the next bus arrival shown on screen and it can also be checked through a mobile app"
I'd like to see some kind of motorcycle rental system in my neighborhood. This would be really convienant and I imagine quite affordable as well. There tends to be a lot of traffic in my area too so this would prevent the roads from becoming too congested. I live in a high tourism area as well and I think this would be more fun for people to explore the city than renting traditional cars.
"In my neighborhood, I would like to see some sort of updated streetcar system with solar panels on the top of the street cats,, some sort of energy capture technology on the tracks."
A outdoor moving walkway. Replace parts of the sidewalk with a moving walkway.
This transportation system would be the most spectacular to the entire neighborhood. It is a neighborhood vehicle hub system. It is a hub where everyone with an android or ios or windows phone can open an app and rent out a car or a bike to use around the neighborhood with the additional benefit on these hubs being eco friendly public restrooms with vending machines for those that wish to travel locally and have the munchies.
Adding a light rail system to support the university and the surrounding apartments.
vehicle department
Walk!  Get all together and walk wherever you need to go.
"I'd love to see a crowdsourced method of alternate transportation in my city, where people could request rides from others who happen to be in the area and going the direction you need to with a minimal cost. There are so many people who have cars and it would be a great option for people who don't have reliable access to one. It could use cell phone apps and perhaps even have a traditional component using telephone for people who are less technologically inclined. The biggest challenge would be safety/security, and I'm honestly not sure how to overcome that aspect. There could be specific stops, almost like bus stops, where people could gather and wait for rides, or schedule rides to pick them up at certain times."
Zipline rail. Have little vehicles attached to zipline-like things and people can zip from place to place.
"High speed trains to commute into Chicago from various cities throughout northwest Indiana, with sleek train stations that include lots of amenities (coffee shops, dry cleaning, etc.)"
A giant water slide that takes you from tower to tower in a city
I think a new transportation that utilizes a type of rail system on the sidewalks that people can easily easily walk throughout the neighborhood - similar to the moving walkways at airports.  Sort of like a conveyor belt for people.
"I think a bullet train would be very useful. A train that can transport passengers fast in between the major areas in the neighborhood, for example to schools, the downtown area, the performing arts theater, shopping districts, the airport etc. It doesn't have to stop very often like a bus but an instead be used for getting between major areas and can be supported by the bus system."
An iphone app that scans items and gives you coupons. It will save people time from having to look at the newspaper.
"I would like to see a commuter bus with complete wifi access, as well as office equipment available."
maybe monorails all over the city with a long slide that can take you to your destination.
"In the future, there will be electric powered vehicle system. There will be transportation centers with different sized vehicles for rent for a small fee. The vehicles will range in size from one person scooters to six person vehicles. They will be rented on an hourly basis."
"In-Tap water heating, for high efficiency hot water"
"I imagine an electric trolley like those old school ones, but it would be a hybrid system instead and people could hang off the back and ride it. There would be electronic pass cards that everyone could swipe on and off and it would be subsidized so anyone could use it for super cheap."
"We could have all of the sidewalks moving.  Just like in an airport.  However, to power these sidewalks, they could be under solar panels.  The panels would protect pedestrians from the sun and also power the walkways."
"An electric monorail with a few cars that travel between the shopping center about a mile a way from us through the little downtown and stopping at the regional rail station a mile the other direction from us. It would have 2 or 3 trains that run back and forth all day and night transporting people between those two major zones in our neighborhood, eliminating the need for cars to travel nearby."
"It would be great for our city to offer more access to the rails.  We could use an updated rail system that would make traveling to our larger cities in the state faster, more available, and yet still affordable.  It could bring more people to live in our city if they could travel fast to the big city and help grow our town here.  Our town is terribly depressed and I think that having a high-speed train or just general more options to travel through it would bring a massive amount of revenue into the city."
An UBer like system where neighbors help neighbors on a rotating basis.
"I feel like there could be a uber shuttle, sort of like a train system."
I would like a taxi like system that doesn't charge so high.
we introduce some of the terms and techniques used in data communications in networks which range from transport to the internet
An app to help set up carpools.
Personal shopping service for seniors.  No cost to them.
Future transportation will be cleaner and more environmentally freindly. Cars will run on less fuel and will have better emissions
People step into a box which is like an elevator. It zooms around the streets taking you where you want to go. it runs on a track runs in the street. The track is a small groove in the street that isn't disruptive and allows cars to continue to travel on the road.
"We all transport by cafe-mobiles. Basically it is a portable cafe. Starbucks for example, sents out mobiles that can house two customers and a barista. It is a self driving mobile, so the barista can only worry about serving his customers as they are being driven to work."
Public Busses  is the mode of transport most frequently used in my people safety
Mopeds take you around like taxis!
"It would be great to have a bike share program in my neighborhood. Just have a couple bike lock stations and have the city get us a bunch of bikes, and just use the bikes as we need them and park then when we're done."
Monorails would be fabulous!
I imagine a type of hybrid car/rail system that are not owned by individuals.  A person would schedule a pickup to go to work and one home.  The cars would keep circulating picking up and dropping off people all day.  There would be much lesser need for personal parking as well.
bio vehicle
"Use CNG Gas in Autos, Taxi, Buses and Other Public Transport System.

Encouarge People to use Public Transport System to avoid Traffic Congestion and Air Pollution.

Give Tax Subsidies for Less Pollution Technologies."
pERSONALIZED SHOPPING FOR SENIORS
bike sharing stands would be a welcome addition to my city.  Bikes you can rent at one place and drop off somewhere else.
In the future we could develop a pod system that takes each person directly to the place they want to go.  A pod station could be set up and all you do is type the address of the location where you want to go and it takes you there in seconds.  This would require some infrastructure and technology to build.
Carpooling platform online that matches drivers and commuters.
I think we should have more and cheaper car sharing.  And use electric cars.
I would like to see a hover system that occupies the same route as roads and highways to bypass traffic.
"How about color coded cars that only service a particular area for a flat rate. As the car takes a passenger to desired location within that particular area, if another person flags that same colored car, that person can hop in and share the ride. After all, the drop off points will be in the same general area and the rate is flat."
Solar powered roads and highways. We could install solar panels on the concrete and find some way to cover it so panels don't get destroyed. That way any vehicle can use the energy to power itself and travel as it passes on the road. The economy as well as the average person would save a ton of money. The change on the environment would also be beneficial.
A train that connects Orlando and Tampa for easier travel for better job opportunities for both cities
"Lets try non mechanical modes of transportation instead we either walk or ride an animal from place to place.  The animal can be any type such as elephant, horse, donkey, camel, and maybe you can train something a bit faster."
An app that brings together cyclist for equipment and tool sharing.
A flying car would be a good innovation. We would free up the roads making less traffic jams and it'd give people new experiences.
This area could really use a super speed train that goes much faster than traffic. It could travel above the road system and would save tons of time for many people.
"If we could all just travel through human sized and safe pods that take us from place to place like the banks vacuum system that would probably be the fastest, safest way."
"Tubes and capsules.  Capsules would travel from station to station using pressurized air in tubes. Like a banks drive up window tube system, but large enough for poeple"
"park and go scooters, to get across town and back"
"If it's a neighboorhood idea, maybe a coordination of volunteers via an app for either ridesharing or being the driver for a day."
"An alternative transportation system in my neighborhood could involve something such as a taxi like service but one that ran kind of like a bus, involving general cars. These services could flow around the city and offer rides to people who may not be able to afford any other type of transportation."
"One thing I would love to see in my local area is rent able electric scooters. They would be good for the environment, easy to maintain, and reduce traffic in terms of larger vehicles on the road."
"Have horse drawn carriages on Friday nights, this would be romantic and reduce pollution."
Smartphone you can reach in a grab items
My neighborhood has little walk-ability due to poor road quality and an abundance of speed bumps. My Idea is simple in that they can add multiple lanes above the street for bikes and people walking. This would be on par with what cities have over major crossings but will cost relatively little money compared with adding a train or increasing the once daily buses. This would also allow any expansion of the roads under the walkways and reduce the 10 or so deaths a year from cars hitting people when they are just walking on the side of the road.
I think we should use a monorail like system to easily get around the suburbs and greater university section of the town.
A simple roapway made up of strong steel cable and a cabin controlled by rope. This can be operated downhill and uphill.
A series of ziplines that can get you downtown.
Personal transport is usfull for all
Subway that takes you straight to downtown. It would be the best transportation to get to downtown without any traffic to watch football games get to work and other activities. I think a lot more people would be traveling this way.
Electric bikes.  Bikes that require no effort and use electricity.
new transportation is very like. all the transportation is important our life.
There are a series of tubes that go over the city. The people get in and it acts like a pneumatic tube that sucks them to the next destination. It would be best for personal transport and no luggage would be allowed.
"One Idea I've always had was sky trams. It would operate just like your traditional tram system but instead of a point A to point B ride. You would have an additional 5 to 10 stops on a linear path, to support the stops I would use a magnetic rail system, instead of the old wire cable system. This would cut down on over crowding in terms of public and private transportation."
"I imagine a train system that runs parallel to the street but is separated from it, unlike a streetcar. It could be elevated from the terrain when necessary to cross over obstacles."
It would be a new school bus system that runs on renewable energy. No more gas would be needed to get the kids to school and back home. Making our city one more step greener and setting the bar high!
"Electric scooter rental, have scooters that use the quick charging technology from cars but since they're scooters they'll charge quicker so they'll be ready for potential customers"
A separate lane for Ride-Share drivers.  This way the ride-sharing service can cut down on time and money.
"In many neighborhoods, stop signs are ignored. I believe switching to yield signs, where ideally suitable, is needed and adding 'bus stops' for local schools that do not hinder traffic."
An electric scooter renting/check in system
Have futuristic moving chairs that are installed onto side walks throughout the city. This will  enable people to just sit down and get to where they want to go!
A automated truck that delivers groceries and people when bad weather happens and trees are down on the road. Its a big truck that can get through everything
"I'd like to see underground travel possible through out the city.   Some massive tunnels, where you would have to take side tunnels to exits, but there would be major arteries.  It would replace a lot of above ground roads."
"I want to see electric vehicle charging stations everywhere. At libraries, at Starbucks', everywhere. In the future all cars will be electric and most will be self driving, might as well get started on that now."
Skyline car- Have pods that move above the buildings and are connected to main areas of interest. People can pay a toll to use them and be transported around the city
A system where roads are replaced with some sort of electromagnetic tracks that can transport vehicles faster and safer than current cars
Hyperloop:  essentially a super fast subway in a pressurized tube like they use at the drive up to a bank to send things back and forth only on a scale large enough for people to ride in
A zip line system above the ground that brings people to schools and event locations. This would be a fun innovate way to get people from one location to another.
A larger bike path so that more people could ride their bikes places. Also every few miles they could have a bench for people to rest with a water fountain.
"A Railway system for cars, like something out of minority report. You can still drive on the roads but the speed limit is controlled and there is never any accidents because you input your destination into a program in the individual cars and let the railway system get you there."
"Many people in my town already ride bicycles to and from work or to run errands, and quite frankly I wish more of them would.  I live on a peninsula, so everyone is always competing for parking anyway.  I think bicycles are ideal for commuting in a smallish town like mine."
"a system that would make it to where everyone rides together, and if someone is driving somewhere they can get paid to take someone along with them, it would save money for everyone."
"I think we should focus on making it easier for people to bike around the area. We need to widen sidewalks and/or have separate paths just for pedestrians and bikers. Oftentimes, the bike lanes are narrow or end abruptly."
I wanted a transportation that will be convenient for everyone. I want t o have a mini car wherein there's no traffic in such a way roads will not meet intersection.
"buses should be branded by route, and have brightly colored easy to identify signs"
A activator people carry around and activate when they need a pickup. A wait time is calculated and shown to them. Something you carry on a key chain and just push a button.
We could find a way to build jets that transform into tiny boxes that fit in your pocket. That would solve the need for cars since we would be using jets to travel instead.
I believe my neighborhood should have some sort of electronic trolley system.  I can take multiple people throughout the day and network workers to certain destinations and landmarks.
A much-improved subway.  It is faster and has far fewer delays than the current line.  It is also relatively affordable.
There should be rental bicycle areas all over the city with checkpoints.
public rail
"A car which runs without fuel will be a change in the world, because the world is more worried about the global warming. In this car 4 people can sit and there will be pedals for each. Each one uses their own power to cycle the pedals, the energy is saved from each person using hydraulics. The car should be light weighed and it could be easily used by people."
I have an idea of using only one big bus for our entire residence association
trolley system
"An all electric bus. They would be plugged in over night and run during the day and vice versa. It would run on a normal schedule, but not run on fuel."
"I believe that a more widespread use of carpool lanes would be a great idea. There aren't any in my area, but I think that building carpool lanes would reduce traffic congestion as well as encourage people to drive with more than one person in the car at a time."
Horse and carriage.  Have someone make scheduled stops using a horse and carriage to pick people up and take them around the neighborhood.
I would love to see self driving cars to help the blind be more indepentent.
"A sort of rail line, but it's a single rail and has many hanging carts. The carts hold maybe 4 people at a time, like a taxi. The price would be cheaper than a bus and they would arrive quickly when you need them. You could push a button on poles that are located around the city, far more often than bus stops, and the cart will come to you quickly and take you directly to your destination. No need for bus drivers or waiting for traffic!"
"It is similar to the monorail at Wald Disney world. It goes all around the town and stops when people use an app and state they need a pickup. It can go to individual streets and addresses because it needs no rails, but can use multiple-line systems to navigate the town. It makes scheduled stops, but can also be called by the app. It is free, paid for by local and state taxes, and very clean and quick. People use it for a wide variety of uses, from nights on the town, to grocery shopping, to work commute. It is very safe, clean and fun."
"Travel by wire 10 ft above ground, like a ski lift."
Moving sidewalks
Public Busses   in  the tecnology useful
"My town is in desparate need of a form of public transportation. Everyone is reliant on a car or scooter. I think they don't have enough need to  warrant a bus route, but I'm in favor of widening the tiny bicycle lanes they have."
Encourage care pooling by having ride share spots to park unused cars.
"I would love if my area could some how have an underground transportation system. Like the subway. The problem is I live in Florida so it would hit water. Therefore, it would be amazing to have a system that is under the water like a Subway system. You would be able to see all the sea life. It would cut back on traffic above land."
A new way to transport in my neighborhood? I would honestly say cabs. They are not around where I live. But a cheaper way and only in the city. It's mostly just busses and the stops are few and far between.
I would like to see a high speed rail system that goes across the country...somehow powered by renewable energy
"A network of green transportation for rent. You insert coins and it releases a bike, a skateboard, a scooter or some other form of efficient transportation. You drive it to your destination and once you deliver it to the hotpspot you can get your money back, if it is in good condition."
an underground shuttle that takes people from big landmarks to another
I want a way to fly by myself to where I want without having to control it
A bullet train to connect major cities in the state and outside of the state.
"I would like to see public transportation on buses expanded in my area, with a dedicated area for bicycles to also be transported on the buses.  This would help a lot with traffic, and still allow people to get to their destinations quickly."
This is the best way to get around
vaccum system of tubes like at a bank.  High speed escalators.  Conveyor system for cars on the interstate.
"I live in a fairly small town that has a decent amount of people but isn't very large in area. Solar powered railcars could be a viable option for this area. They would only have to travel short distances at once, and it could easily be utilized by everybody in town by having just a few stops. Think about the railcars in San Francisco and other major cities being completely solar powered. The electricity saving would be huge."
"This new transportation system is a bullet train in the sky, able to span around the neighborhood with up to 700 passengers in under two minutes. It's sleek silver coat is never late, and always early to make sure everyone gets where they need to go. The rails float there in the sky, ready to carry this majestic beauty to the ends of the neighborhood making sure everyone is early"
People in the future will be picked up by aircraft landing and taking the people to their destinations.  It will hover over your stop and drop down and pick you up.  It will then take you to your destination and hover over your destination and drop you off.  It will drop you off and pick you up via a tube that will pick you up and drop you off.
"Use a sky rail train to transport people.  Similar to a subway, but rather than below ground, it would be above ground."
"My mom had this silly idea the other day when we were sitting in traffic. Cars that change shape depending on however many people were in it. Say, two people? It'd transform into a smartcar size. One person? Tiny one-person cubicle machine. Sure, it's not really feasible - but it's interesting. It'd make traffic feel less terrible if we could see how many people are in said car and how fast they'd be crossing streets and so on. Maybe have a designated lane for however many people?"
"carpooling, so many in our neighborhood go to the same places.  We could develop an app to see who can carpool with who .. state where, when you are going somewhere and people can sign up.. if they can drive or can pay for gas"
quattrocycle would be great idea for transportation whithout spending any type of gas !!
Picture a vehicle of transport that almost resembles a giant scooter. But the thing is that more than a few people can ride it at a time and it can be programmed to go to the destination that you need. There is also the option of seatbelts or straps that can prevent the riders from falling out or off. In the back of the scooter object would be a large area where personal baggage and things can be kept and it automatically locks once enough passengers are aboard. This area is kept locked by the operator of the scooter ride. On each side of the edges of the scooter ride are places for phones and other devices to be plugged in. The scooter ride would be plugged in to keep it charged up and there would be solar panels on the back to make sure that the ride can be energized and charged for a moment's notice.
"Solar powered buses. I live in a college town and while our buses run on natural gas, I think they should be solar powered with the natural gas as a backup for rainy days, etc."
"Electromagnetic transportation would be an innovative way to travel. I am thinking more so on the side of  ""being green"". Imagine a bus or railway style vessel that moves along a track with the force of magnets. It would eliminate the need for gas or diesel."
In the future we invent highly integrated solar bike. Now a days some company was invented solar bike but there is not enough in the future.
"Really enjoyable survey, I remember something to share here, All over the world is polluting by this transport. unnecessary transport are more, we need to educate bi-cycle to use for transporting, but it never happens. Since, Government is not working for people, here these days government are not for the people, they work for them. so they make illegal money by encouraging unnecessary transport with the corporate. We sooner loose everything natural things. we must encourage our own people to use bicycle for unnecessary transports, so that we will be healthy by using bicycle and we can make nature pollution free."
"I want a monorail system to run above street level (may be 20 feet up or so).  I want it to connect the suburbs to downtown, and circle the city.  It would run on magnets so that it would be extremely quiet.  It would be extremely fast.  I want it to provide a bird's eye view for commuters.  It would be a very safe way to travel, crime and personal safety would not be an issue."
Car seats with massagers built in.
Underground suburban subway
A train that runs hovering above its track on magnetic bearings traveling at near supersonic speeds
Cars that drive on their own and when people are going the same way the cars link to eachother.
horse drawn carriage I think it would be cool to do this again in our main downtown area where are the restaurants are. Would be nice.
A public taxi system dedicated to public transportation.  Standard operating hours and funded through taxes.  On demand pick up via city based app.  Essentially eliminating everyday drivers.
Giant swings. You can jump off at the peak of the swing and go down big slides to end up on the sidewalks
A taxi service where self-driving cars can be dispatched to a client which then drive the client to their destination and then return to HQ.
"Automated taxi service. Would have several dispatch stations in key areas of city. Person could call for a ride from an app on their phone and it would send a car to them. The software could calculate rate for the trip and make you pay before as a confirmation before sending a car out. Car could then drive customer to said destination.  Self driveable cars that could provide a much better service than the often RUDE cab drivers could provide. Plus, I trust a robot way more than some of these morons driving!"
"Mass transit only routes that expedite buses, bikes and High occupancy vehicles on smaller , yet more direct routes. Toll type control and monitoring. Make a single person in s single car very difficult and punitive"
A rail that goes back and forth from campus with known arrival times would be ideal for students to travel from campus to their homes and neighborhoods. This would be like a miniature above ground subway.
hot and ready to eat homemade cookie delivery
A uber type service on the intercoastal in Florida
There would be skateboard like devices that run on tracks that are embedded into the roads of the city. People could use a phone app to schedule for one of the boards to pick them up. The device would show up int he street outside of your house or wherever you currently are. You would hop on and you would put the address into the app of where you wanted to go.
A system in which no one leaves their house ever. Everything they need is brought to them by drones. They never need to leave even for vacation because virtual reality is so realistic.
I like some double top buses with upper top should be open.
Horse drawn carriage would rock here in this southwestern mountain town. People would really love it and it would be more reasonable for my area than just your average bus or taxi.
We already have bus system.  I think people that live close together and work at same place the boss should give incentive to carpool together.
"I'd really like to see a little pod that you could get into.  It has a minor sedative so you can relax on your commute.  A bus or something of the sort would come by and pick up pods which are locked and only you can open.  You hang a sign or type in your wanted destination, and a bus that goes roughly to the area scoops you up.  



Upon getting to your destination, the bus drops you off at a stop, and the sedative wears off with an alarm to wake you up."
"Uber style delivery service. When someone needs something picked up (groceries, take out order, new TV, etc) they can use the Uber style app to let a driver know where and what needs picking up and where it needs to be delivered. This could be great for restaurants that don't deliver. If it's added as part of the Uber platform it could probably be cheaper than delivery fees from the places that deliver from restaurants"
Electric Car Rental Place that allows students and low income individuals a way to get around and explore their local area.
"the sidewalks should move, and there should be bicycle lanes that move as well so that you can move on the double via the moving roads' motion and the bicycles' motion"
Scooter rental stations. Rent one for a period of time and return at next station.
A crowd-sourced bus stop app. Instead of having fixed bus stops throughout the city. People through a smart phone app request a bus to stop at a certain locations. This would provide information to the bus service company in improving the locations and times of where service is needed the most.
A sidewalk that is automatic.  It could allow people to get around faster than what walking would do.  It also would help others with being able to carry things that they couldn't possibly carry all by themselves.  It could help with getting people where they need to go at the rate of speed as a bicycle.  This would help out tons of people that have had a rough tiring day but don't want to use a vehicle to get back home.
Technologies is used in the middle people transport Public Busses and Railway/ Trains/ Subwayys
we could incorporate a public bus system.
Trolleys on super-magnetic tracks that go around the city with minimal friction. The trolley makes stops at notable areas.
RAILWAYS-Railways is one of the most largest under single management.It carries some 18 million passengers and 2 million tons of freight a day and is one of the worldâs largest employer.The railways play a leading role in carrying passengers and cargo across Indias vast territory. There are almost 8000 railway stations in the country.
"A social platform similar to facebook related to all things travel. People would be able to connect with others and find people traveling the same route. One person would volunteer to drive and would pick everyone up, and their cards are automatically charged the rate in which gas costs along with depreciation of vehicle. If 3 riders, each pay 1/3.. 4 riders pay 1/4, etc."
"Juvenile delinquets could drive the elderly around for 1-2 hrs a day, and that could be a part of their community service."
"The future transportation system in me neighborhood is going to consist of driverless vehicles that hover and travel with the help of magnetism. The vehicles have built in solar panels that operate throughout the city 24/7. These vehicles all have routines they follow everyday so people just have to transfer according to where they want to go. On the other hand, if people want to own their own vehicle then it is possible. They can travel where ever they want to and all they have to do is to recharge their solar battery in the sunlight."
Many people interested in the cinema songs music for the signal of transport
"An underground Seqway track which will take a while to build but will be extremely beneficial. There are no turns as underground paths are completely straight. Recharger stations are at every mile or two. There are practically no intersections or traffic lights except at major hubs, which are few and far between. Delivery services such as mail and UPS are a major component of this transportation system, which will make them faster and clear up traffic on major roads."
My city is currently looking at High Occupancy Travel toll lanes.  I've thought that a dedicated lane for buses or van pools would be an alternative that could let the car commuters see the speed at which these other options can get to work.  This would encourage the use of the bus / van pool options.
"Bustrain, kind of like a trolley but without tracks. There would be a front engine compartment kind of like a semi truck, and it would pick up cars like trailers"
riding on horses would be cool
"The local community could benefit from some sort of electrical bus system. Our town is not big so the buses wouldn't need to travel very far on a charge, but anything they could do to reclaim energy from braking, coasting down hills etc would extend the range. Im picturing purple and yellow buses. We could call the line the ""Bolt Bus"""
"Device that collects foot taps while sitting as stored energy, then plus into bicycle to power small motor for assisted bike riding"
"Another idea for a new transportation system would be a magnetic bullet train system, similar to the one they have in Japan. It would be a national rail system built over the old railroads we have now. It would go to every major city in America and would take half the time to do so."
A drone taxi that picks you up and drops you off at your desired location.
"I would like a city trolley. The trolley would travel around the city several times a day, taking and picking up residents from the major shopping areas. The trolley stops should be no more than two blocks from any neighborhood."
light rail
An overhead rail system.
"As a former city dweller who is now car-less in suburbia, I dream of a system of autonomous cars. The cars are available at convenient stations, much like bike rental stalls in cities. They are non-polluting. Anyone with a smart phone and account can book a ride at any time. Ride sharing is also available. These cars can have a pod design, though larger vehicles are available for people who need to transport larger items or many items. They accept voice commands, so programming is easy, and the cars can take you to almost any destination. Links to other transportation hubs, like trains and buses, are also available. The car doesn't need to be returned to its original location, just to another station. The vehicles are always well maintained and reliable, plus the service is affordable to most."
Electric buses would be an amazing addition to my city but we would have to integrate a system of cables that the city may or may not support. San Francisco has the ones I mean.
"I imagine a time in the near future where cars are powered by compressed air, and electricity alone. Gas is becoming almost not needed anymore as cheaper cars and motorbikes are being changed over to the new idea. Big companies are investing to make the world a greener place."
"This system is like an invisible gondola ride, with individual pods that up to a party of 4 can get into, running on magnetic lines."
Hover board that actually floats by air
"Instead of paving trucks coming through the neighborhoods, laying down new asphalt, it would be soap trucks.  The streets would be lined with giant tarps, and people would slip and slide to their destinations on specially crafted slip and sliders.  They would look sort of like a canoe, but with a flat bottom.  I think underneath the tarp, there would be air pockets that sensed whenever an object passed over them.  Whenever an object passes over the air pockets, they rapidly self inflate, thereby pushing the slip and slide canoe further and faster."
Individual cars on a track that you can program to take you where you want without having to drive.
Self driving scooters/motorcycles that come to your door step and drive themselves (you) to your destination.
"A zip line from the place where I take the bus to the subway would be great. It would cut out all the traffic and possibly be much faster than taking the bus to the subway. Also, there would be multiple pods that would lock in the destination and go non-stop so it wouldn't be stopping every few minutes to pick up passengers."
Personal used in the Motorcycle/ Scooter
"A pop-up portable gold driving range simulator that can be set up in a house, in a store, in an office. You hit the balls into a giant screen that looks like a golf course"
I think there should be bikes that you can easily rent. You can get them in the major shopping areas and drive them around town to get excercise as well as helping to use less gasoline.
"Moving walkways or sidewalks, users would just step on where they please and get off whenever they arrive at their destination. There could be faster lanes for those traveling further."
Transportation based on carts. Everyone gets on a cart that moves from street to street. It stops only briefly to let people on and off.
I imagine a world where there are high speed rails all over my neighborhood. People will be travel in public transportation in a fast and effective manner to anywhere they want.
This idea relies on a series of jitneys.  Jitneys going back and forth to pick up a few people along the way and also dropping people off.  No need for any tracks as they could use already existing roadways.
I think we could bring back the streetcar in queens where the subway has low coverage. The streetcar would connect to the subway system which would be entirely rebuilt to accommodate new clean stations with solar panels and zero carbon foot print. This would connect with commuter and regional trains that would operate on an hourly scale.
"I would like to see an advanced transportation system that involved driverless cars.  The idea is the same as using a taxi but without a driver.  Like Uber, you would use your mobile device to order a car and control the experience.  The car shows up at your door, takes you to your destination and you are billed for the ride. It would save me thousands of dollars in the cost to own, maintain, insure and license my own personal car."
I can imagine an self-driving car company with a lot of cars. You would use an app on your phone like Uber. The car would automatically leave the lot and come pick you up.
I think adding a rail system in my city would be a great idea. The only public transportation we have is buses and there are a lot of areas they don't even run to. So I think a rail system would do wonders in getting a lot of other people where they were going.
UTILIZE SCHOOL BUSES DURING DOWN TIME TO GIVE CHEAP RIDES
"Maybe for college students who need college credit, their neighborhood could set up a ""class"" that meets twice a week for an hour each, and the licensed student could drive whoever around who needs it. And they could receive college credit for it!"
An alternative transportation mode would be if we could tie cables along metal poles and pull ourselves where we're going using skates.
My new transportation system would be a golf cart system. We have many elderly people who would enjoy being able to get around using golf carts. It would be a wa around the city without having to use the highway.
I would have the Metro system extended further into Virginia to lessen the commute time.  I would also call for train stations that were more accessible and uses solar energy predominantly.
"Something above the streets, an elevated form of public transportation, would be cool. That way it would be out of the traffic."
An underground rail system would be great. That way you could get around without having to get stuck in traffic.  There are so many cars in this area that we are known for our traffic.
"A fleet of cheap, reliable, automated taxi cars. The cars would drive automatically after an input was made for the destination. These cars would be self charging with paint that has solar energy potential."
"Taken from the idea of bike rentals, there should also be motorized scooters available for rental, where you can rent any motorized scooter from a ""station"" and return it to another ""station"" around your area when you are done."
I think my neighborhood could benefit from ride-sharing bikes. We live in a suburb of Boston but technically a City. Not the easiest to get around and a lot to do.
"A free taxi service for students, especially for nights so that students can get back safely. Instead of a car or a big bus, it could be a small bus so that it can fit enough people, but not use too much gas."
A bus with 8 off road tires and a strong engine that could easily get the passengers through even the snowiest of days. We can call it the Wolverine.
The technologies used in moving data among transport involve many different compontents and methodologies
A disaster movie about a blimp that gets a slow leak.  Most of the movie will take place in the cockpit.  It will be conversational based between the pilots and air traffic control.
A moving form of transportation where a user stands on one leg and kicks off over and over with the opposite leg in order to propel forward.
Our neighborhood needs something like hotel shuttles. These things can get you to the most popular areas around. We have a casino nearby as well as a lively downtown area. These places can be accessed easier with this service.
"Moving sidewalks- You could walk to get to where you needed to go, but you could still keep getting to your destination if you needed a break."
train easy and nice travelling exp
"A circulatory bus system consisting of two vehicle traveling in opposite directions on a set route but with no designated stops. The route in my small district of the city takes approximately 20 minutes to to circumnavigate and consists of goth commercial districts. One would never be more than 10 minutes fro being able to hail the ""jitney"" bus. This alleviates the use of regular bus system which is much more focused on funneling clientele to central city and runs more or less eradicately.It envisions using current tech and is human centered. It is innovative in it's goals not hardware."
Cars with airplane wings!
Autonomous vehicles owned by the city.  Any individual (or at least city residents) can call or press a button for one at any time and the closest available vehicle will come pick you up and take you where you want to go.
"A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be similar to a train line, just on a smaller scale. It would pick people up in a series of pods and deposit them at their place of work for a small fee. This new train type line could also be used in the same way that a bus is, to run errands. The new system would have comfortable couch like chairs and be far more acceptable than the current forms of trnasportation availabe."
"A solar-powered trolley system that works like an automated bus, mixed with a roller coaster.  No need for a driver, as each trolley heads to a central location and goes from different sections of neighborhoods.  They would run quickly perhaps so that  a trolley will collect people and head to its destination every 15 minutes.  It makes short transportation to hub areas cleaner, safer, and nicer, and can be closed during non-business hours of the hub area."
Autonomous cars that you can order rides from through an app similar to Uber.
a fleet of pedicabs
"With roads being overcrowded and at a premium these days, how about some ziplines put in place instead?  A series of wires would be put in place and passengers would be in a small seat powered by battery connected to the wires above.  This would also be a much greener form of travel zig zagging across the sky!"
"My mode of alternative transportation would include cars, buses, and trams running on solar energy in roadways. I'm unsure how it would work exactly, but if we could harness the power of the sun and build vehicles that have the panels either on them or in the tires it could remove the use of fossil fuels."
Road transport is highly flexible. The route can be changed anytime and personalized service.
I wish my neighborhood had a giant conveyor belt for going to all the main places downtown.  It would help the older people as well be convenient.  It would have to be waterproof and covered.  It could run all along the one side of the main intersections without ever having to cross.
Im from Seattle and it is mostly built over the top of the old city that burned down. I would think that they'd be able to build subways here at least through the downtown area where they have underground tours of the city.
"Subways with shorter runs. NYC is filled with unused tunnels and stations. Get them up and running. Also, allow people who use any sort of wheel-based transport, that's not a bus or car, to use the bike lanes."
"I was thinking that since the city I live in has a decently sized river, to save money, be cost effective, and lower power/energy usage, we can ferry people and personnel to central districts of the city and my neighborhood. Maybe the ferries/boat could be turbine powered to be more energy efficient."
I can use the battery bike to avoid the air pollution in my home town
"A scooter that can function as a hoverboard!

Think about the possibilities."
Public Busses is best the mode of transport most frequently used in my city
A way that cars can connect with other cars so if you are all going to the same place they can connect GPS and it would allow the cars to follow automatically the car in the front and use less gas that way.
"I would love individual Segway transporters that would go from the house to the transit station.  They would just fit one person and keep them dry.  Only about 1 mile but just far enough in the rain not to walk.  Once at the transit station, the train takes you directly every 5 minutes into the city."
My idea is a computer that detects different users and automatically switches to their profile which already has their interests and favorite programs installed on it.
"My idea is to create a program that brings mobile hotspots/wireless internet to patients in hospitals. Many patients are stuck in the hospital for long periods of time with very little entertainment. Access to internet would allow patients to have something to do while they're recovering. As well at the internet, providing hospitals with laptops and tablets to lend out to patents who don't have them would be even better."
Moving Footpath - Wondering how feasible it would be if footpath's could move like an escalator at a moderate speed where people can hop on and get down easily.
"My idea for public transportation would include an underground rail system powered by magnets. Because of the varied climate as well as prevalence natural disasters in my area, having the system underground seems like the best idea. The train would stop a lot more often than normal trains; At the end of every street at least. It would have a separate exit system in order to not lose quite as much time loading and unloading passengers."
"I envision a moving sidewalk system in above ground tube-type structures. People would just step on the moving sidewalk and go where they wanted to, and change sidewalks at corners if they needed to. But there would also be stations at each corner containing buttons to stop the sidewalk so people with disabilities can get on or off. The tubes would also contain a regular sidewalk so people could walk or ride bikes in bad weather."
Mardi Gras floats carry people around town (I live in New Orleans)
"My idea for a new transportation system in my neighborhood is a series of really big tubes, with padding, and occasionally air holes, with mesh filters to prevent bugs and large debris from getting in.  The tubes would be places alongside all the streets, and be at a constant forward vacuum, with enough lessening of suction to allow people to grasp a handle at their stop and get out.   (If you miss your stop, you just ride around until it comes up again, pushing yourself towards the right tube as it comes towards you.)



Collision between travelers would need to be solved, as well as how to clean up any errant body fluids left by travelers; perhaps a daily purge at midnight, where the suction could be increased exponentially and all materials dumped in a pile, on a rotating schedule, on different people's lawns.   



This system has the benefit of a very low carbon footprint, and lends itself well to spontaneous exclamations of 'cowabunga'.  



Implementation note: This idea may require anti-gravity research, in addition to a lot of suction."
"If the technology existed for it, a teleporter pad system would be really useful. Stand on the pad, a tube closes around you (to prevent others from entering and getting injured/killed), press a button (presumably on a holo-panel interface that pops up, a la every science fiction movie ever) to select your destination. When the tube unwraps (presumably the travel would be nearly instantaneous), you're wherever you wanted to be."
It would be like a super fast tram or train so the people in my neighborhood could get to run errands without their cars. We could have stops at the entrances to the neighborhood and the tracks could just run down the street.
Light rail connecting outer neighborhoods to the city would be good for everyone for jobs and business.
With the help of local bodies we have to introduce a small 3 WHEELER vehicles
large system of electronic small metro cars and scooters. Optional tax gives tax payer free use/key of all and any electric vehicles all around town. the tax itself would pay the system. Current bus stations would be locals of the charging stations for the vehicles.
A railway system with movies and internet available
"We could get a bunch of moving sidewalks.  But instead of the sidewalks moving, they would just be extremely slippery.  That way when a person moved onto them in a direction they could move quickly and with little effort continue going."
I think because my city isn't THAT big a place that takes us to all the the important parts is vital. You would think a bus would do that but not the ones in my city. It's just small stops.
A city bus that has entertainment in it like movies and music
Best Car Safety Technology
A drone system where small helicopters would come down and pick up people. It would work like a bus in that it takes people to drone stops.
The future of transportation in my city is by having self-automated driverless cars. They would reduce the amount of traffic congestion and reduce the number of car accidents.
"There are solar powered buses in my neighborhood which are 100% sustainable and operate autonomously, very much like the commuter trams at some airports such as Miami International Airport. These require no labor, and as such, have no human element involved in decisionmaking. As they are programmed to stop at intervals (designated by where the bus stops would be) there is a set time to off-load and pick up customers. OF course, handicapped and large groups can press a certain button which would allow more time and/or ramps to deploy."
Close some roads to motorized traffic and allow only bicycles. offering a local tax incentive for bicycling
best road improve the Transportation
more bike paths for people to use instead of roads
"You didn't clarify what sort of idea you want, but I guess it has to do with transportation? There could be smaller cars on the roads or bigger roads for easier form of transport."
This is a hybrid airship. Technology has developed that allows these vehicles to be more compact and use hydrogen lift cells safely. There are dozens of air ferries lifting people quietly into the air and to major cities all across America. The carbon footprint of the consumer aviation industry is drastically reduced. The noise pollution of traditional airports is all but gone. The hybrid airship is the vehicle of choice in terms of transportation.
Train on tracks.  A small and slow train on preset track for people to enjoy the neighborhood.
"a bus that has little cars in it to take people different places, and once it lets them out the car returns to the bus for others"
"A public transport system with self-driving cars. You go online, select your destination and then order a self driving car to pick you up."
"A device that monitors all your vital signs (pulse, blood pressure, body temp, etc) and is connected to a smart phone app that lets you easily share the info with your doctor."
Using horses on the streets.
"Have driverless cars available for instant calls.

The cars would be driving around until someone requests it or parked in a parking lot until called."
"Shared bike system - everyone has access to a system of bicycles that are evenly distributed throughout the city via ""bike parking lots."" Punch in a code, get a bike for the day, return it to another station later."
I'd like to see the railroad tracks by our house be repurposed as a walking and biking route for the neighborhood.  It would be really sweet if they could use that and carry the corridor all the way to the nearest town and shopping area.
"In my neighborhood, any kind of public transportation would be innovative. Due to the apparent stigma of such, I would propose a lovely electric-run ""uber coach"" instead of the big ugly city bus. This could be as simple as a mini-van and could deliver us suffering commuters of Southern California from a few select and regular pick-up spots to bigger, car-pool mega spots at various freeway points."
lazy river in the summer
"A multiple person bike system that converts all the energy created in a moderate speed. This system has an own lane and its free for users, its an ecological way to get to any given detination."
an underground walkway with people movers that go from main destinations
Recyclable energy
Hover-cars. Would operate without tire to road friction. Would need to be computer controlled. Could take advantage of current infrastructure for route guidance.
I think to get my idea across to someone I would make it very visual.
"Side walk tracks, like what you would see in an airport, would benefit local transit for elderly and disabled people in my neighbourhood"
"Adult tricycle co-op. We have a lot of older people in town, but it's a small town. Adult trikes work just fine in town, and they are more comfortable for older folks. We already have bike lines on main streets; we just need a group to invest in some adult trikes that can be kept at a central station on the square near the courthouse. A pick-up drop-off near the two major grocery stores would be helpful."
Small enclosed golf cart sized vehicle. Gas powered but powerful enough to not get suck in mud puddles. Top sleep of 45 mph. Looks much more like a mini hummer.
"i live in twin falls idaho and we could use a bus line, i guess it isn't a new idea  but yeah this is a place where there is sharp economic divide and all the businesses are on the rich side of town, the original town or the poor side of town ""old town"" is roughly a mile from the main drag so buses would be great for people who cant afford cars and better for the environment in general"
It's an elevated covered roadway somewhat similar to elevated train tracks but it's for bicycles and it has a bunch of fans to provide an artificial tailwind to provide a speed comparable to cars in a congested urban setting.
"I'd like to see shuttle trams in my area. It's a small section based urban area that has about four different areas all residents will have to visit at some point in time. If we had a shuttle system that specifically transported people from a central point to the four primary destinations it would incredibly reduce the use of fossil fuels, traffic, and accidents in the area."
A new trolley system with free transportation would be beneficial since the neighborhood isn't very big and it would do well for people who could be handicap. I think the new trolley system could be hybrid -- electric and gas -- which most trolleys aren't.
"This is an that will assemble all associated interests and find matching interests, such as books and movie recommendations."
Personal transport is the very useful car travel
I would like there to be a fast speed rail such as in Japan or Germany. I picture it being accurate time-wise and capable of transporting people over great distances. I would prefer it to a bus situation.
Hyperloop install in the city with individual cars that will rapidly take to any point in the city within seconds.
"My idea is electric cars that can recharge via solar and other renewable options, such that it never has to be plugged in and will always have sufficient charge.  I acknowledge technology has not reached this point of efficiency yet, but one day."
What I'd really like to see is every sidewalk turned into one of those escalator-pully things like they have at the airports.  Just a moving track so you can relax.  Possibly with a few chairs scattered throughout it for people to sit down.
"Uber pedicab for downtown service.  This service could be used downtown to help people who only have to go a short distance to get to their destination.  Pedicabs are fun and instead of them having to ride around looking for people to pick up, people could request them from a phone app."
"An elevated electric transport, that runs 24/7 that traveled to and from several key locations, something that used magnets maybe, that was ultra quiet, and took up a very small footprint."
"A local company bought and released a fleet of self-driving cars for my neighborhood.  All you need to do is open up their app on your phone and request a vehicle by GPS or address. It arrives in a short amount of time or you can schedule it to arrive at a certain time. For a small fee or with a subscription fee, you can be taken anywhere without owning a car."
A going to town app. In a rural area like where I live sometimes you avoid going to town because you don't have a ride or you just don't feel you can justify driving all that way just to run a quick errand. Enter an app that connects you to people along your travel rout who also need to go into town. You could flag yourself as offering a ride or needing a ride.
"I think a great idea within my neighborhood would basically to have a moving sidewalk like you would find at an airport.  This would allow people to move about faster than maybe they would walking, so people wouldn't feel the need to get in the car to go down the block to the store."
Moving sidewalks would help people get to the train station more smoothly.
It's a small town. In and near the town center there will be bike lanes and you will be able to access all neighborhoods in an easy and safe manner. There will be bike rental kiosks throughout the area. For areas outside town there could be a service with electric vehicles that you can book ahead of time and you can catch a ride to select locations around town.
"Hey, how about a monorail system!  I'm not kidding.  It's not just for Disney anymore.  My city runs basically on a north-south and east-west grid, main streets running parallel about two miles apart on both axes.  Four routes east-west and four routes north-south should just about do it.  Trams or mini-busses at each monorail stop for a comprehensive public transportation system.  We are in the Sun Belt, why not use solar to power the electric monorail.  It is the twenty-first century.  This idea has been on my mind for decades.  It might not work for everywhere, but it could work here, and quite a few other places I suppose."
"Space tourism. There needs to be a ship that orbits Earth just slightly, that can hold 1,300+ to go sight seeing. For the extra (willing to spend $1,199) adventurist they can space walk! The inside should look like those luxurious ship cruise's!!!"
Giant Ice Luge Expressway That could get people from major buildings across town in a matter of minutes without traffic.
"There are many parts of my area that aren't accessible by foot or bicycle; in order to get from one section of town to another, you have to take a highway, where only motorized vehicles area allowed. This increases automobile and public transit use. By building footpaths or bike paths that bypass the highways, I think that the local government could reduce traffic, and thereby reduce gas consumption and environmental pollution."
A trolley would be awesome in my small neighborhood since it already has a decent grid of streets
I would like to see my city connected via a light rail system which would greatly reduce traffic and emissions.  I envision the majority of neighborhoods in the Downtown core being connected.
"Publicly available bicycles could be stationed at different regions of the town: different parts of the University campus, the downtown square, the region of stores and malls for shopping. This would allow students to be able to rent and use a bike to get around without having to own one and worry about its safety."
Make it so people that are at restaurants can be your delivery drivers to get you food. Instead of going to the restaurant yourself you call them up and they order what you want and then deliver it to your house.
"I live in a rural area so horseback travel, hay wagon travel and buckboard travel may well be decent substitutes for cars and buses presently being used."
A civilian shuttle service that is cheaper when compared to Uber or Lyft that has a specific destination (i.e. the airport or certain resort stops). It would hold around 40 passengers and you'd have to call it in advance as if scheduling an appointment. Anyone can use it and seniors and disabled would receive discounts.
"An automated system of cabs. Not cars though, more like carriages driven by AI ""Horses"" (Imagine that new Harley electric motorcycle engine, in a short, small, bullet shaped car like you used to see on the SIDE of a motorcycle, pulling a carriage, with an AI brain controlling it). A system like this would have the novelty and functionality of pulling people when you wanted to, or you could just use the AI 'sidecar' to run courier errands on the ground for companies that wanted fast delivery. Think like Amazon drones without the flying, the noise or the whole 'being small enough to get shot down by a .22 and stolen' thing. It keeps the battery away from the passengers if there is ever a crash, too. Which is good because those things can explode sometimes. The best thing about it, though? When it's just moving small items around for parcel delivery, it's not wasting fuel hauling an empty cab around with it. I can't stand seeing people waste so much energy driving a giant SUV around with no passengers or cargo. That act alone should be a top priority for politicians pushing for environmental reform to be talking about."
I could see a trolley style system that ran on solar panels so that there would be no wires hanging.
"The way that most people travel is an invisible bridge. There are hundreds of them, and they bring you directly from point A to point B with in a matter of ten minutes. There is no such thing as speed limits because no ones paths are ever crossed. This is a government based program within the car that you program with your smart phone before leaving the house. Frequently traveled places are stored as favorites. This also cuts down on the amount of late individuals in the world. We therefore call it Never Late Technology."
Segway rental
"The city is too spread out to reasonably cover everything by bus, but it would be nice to have cars that you could rent by the hour. It would be convenient to reserve a car so you could do an errand further away in the county, and just drop the car off in a designated spot after you're done. There could even be a sort of car delivery service for an extra fee. It would be like uber but you get control of the car for a set duration instead of having someone taxi you to where you need to go."
"People should ride horses around the city.  They can either ride the horse itself or go in a carriage ride attached to it.  I think there is a certain charm in riding a horse or travelling by carriage.  It would be a throwback to vintage type days when people rode in stagecoaches. I think it could revitalize a city and make old-fashioned things trendy again.  Horses/carriages could move people around from popular destinations in the city to other popular destinations.  Kids would love it!  ""Mom, let's take the horse today!"""
I doubt I would take a bus but having them as an option would help some people
I have an idea for a workout RPG app for smartphones.  It is an app that would track your workouts and depending on what you did you could level up stats and then have your character go on quests and defeat bosses.
Hot DUDES pick you up. Guaranteed Big Dad quality. Perfect for KOOL chicks and/or gay men and college students
"Along with easing congestion and improving air quality, the benefits of enhancing public transit"
"A new type of transportation in my area would be like a double decker bus, but more levels. There would be different areas for kids, a lounge area, an elevator that would take you do the different levels. You would pay a monthly fee and it would have a path where it would make stops. Not just a mode of transporation, but a fun transportation where you can relax and interact with people at the same time."
A solar powered train system. That can operate during day and night time.
A new system of transporation in my neighborhood that I would really enjoy is high speed trains that could get you from one part of the city to  another in 5 minutes. The transportation would have ample amount seating for the fast trip and great views of the city. I would want for this train to run above the streets and not over the streets so some kind of over ground railway would have to be created.
a hyper tube that transports people though air
Create portable solar panels that can be used anywhere
I wrote a screenplay about bullying and I'm going to have in turn into a comic book and a film.
"My idea would be a people mover, basically like a combination of a elevator and a train. It would be a box people stand in and it glides on a track really quickly. They would look like long boxes and hang from long lines that steer it and provide power. Their main concern would be to get many people somewhere extremely fast and efficiently, not really for comfort."
"Self driving planes. The reason that flying cars never took off was because the high crash risk, now with autonomous cars around the corner planes will be next."
Some kind of public transportation like light rail that goes nearby would be ideal. If we could have a light rail or subway system that connects the city to the suburbs that would greatly improve the traffic situation.
boat if you live on an island
Transportation which contains learning centre for time passing while travelling.
Light rail system that reaches even the furthest suburbs.
I would like to see a  people mover like in Detroit or Miami.
"Fully automated system of public transit; similar in function to a subway but smaller and without drivers (more like the automated tram systems used at airports). Probably using driverless car technology so it could utilize existing roadways? You would use a passcard to enter a specialized waiting area, like a covered bus stop, at which the driverless vehicle/tram/etc would stop at and allow entry (only to those allowed into the station; maybe functions like the turnstiles in a subway?). Vehicle would be the size of a small city bus but could connect to some city-run data network to find and avoid traffic stops and slowdowns (and use/switch between already existing bus lanes and subway tracks?). It could have its own roadway/railway too but it would be nice to not have to create something new. It would be more reliable than a bus system, which is rarely on time where I live, but more accessible than a subway/railway, which does not reach enough areas of my city for me to use frequently."
"A networked bicycle system in town that lets people connect for riding, either to work, or out for fun. It would get the community involved together, and do a lot better with lowering polution."
"A new transportation system in my neighborhood could be the use of drones to fly individuals in and around town, or to far off destinations. The drones would fly like helicopters, but can  can also be controlled using a remote control. Unlike a car which can transport several passengers, the drone would be only be able to transport one person."
Get rid of all cars so we can rid bikes and cause less pollution.
"Make a game website that caters to identity politics within the game industry. Utilize the drama in the Gamergate controversy to literally pit ""gamers"" against one another on a website which allows them to set up profiles and ""review"" games, ""identifying"" with games that cater to their personal views (eg, a feminist game would have a feminist tag, a sexist game would have a sexist tag, and so on). Use clickbait sensationalist titling to titillate the posters and cause literal havoc with the gaming community at large. Watch the ad revenue flow freely."
Motorized bicycles that can be 'borrowed' much like places that have normal bicycles. You fill it with fuel when you are done so it is ready for next user.
"Bullet trains as they have in Japan. We have express trains in NYC, but they still take forever if you want to go downtown. A bullet train that will get you to the boroughs quickly would be fantastic."
"The transportation would be efficient; it would be green and rely on newer energies that are not dependent upon fossil fuels. It also would be future-proof, such that it would reduce and combat the issues of traffic jams and collisions. We still would have private and public transportation, allowing people to make the choice of which is better for their needs. There also would be strict requirements for those who choose to drive; thus reducing the amount of likely collisions. It would be affordable and allow society to continue to grow and prosper."
"Tracks built into the bicycle lanes on roadways that you can click a seat into and ""ride"" to your destination"
Teleporters should be located a certain points in the city.  A person can simply teleport to their desired location.
The system will be based off cable cars.  It's cheaper and easier to put up than bridges or building tunnels.  They will have their own traffic free paths.  The paths can even intersect by having the cables much higher than the other line's.  There can be platforms every so often so people can get on and off but not too many as to keep cost and commute time down.
"Another idea for transportation would be automated shuttle drivers for the neighborhood. 

Google has an automated car so, before long, there will be automated transportation services..why not start in a neighborhood ?"
"My neighborhood/city/state is ultra conservative- so having bike lanes would be an improvement. Even though this city I live in (Huntsville, AL) has more Ph.D's per capita we are still woefully behind. Since it's such a tech town with so many engineers though...it would have to be something very advanced to get these engineers on board. Like some sort of train driven by magnetic rails."
"Ticket sharing system for people who make infrequent trips into the city, or suddenly need to do several trips in a row. A group of people could collectively share a commuter pass for the train or bus system. It would be like a Netflix of commuter passes. The ticket could be held in an existing business or maybe a library, and the ticket would be checked out like a book. People would pay each day they hold the ticket."
"My transportation suggestion (in my town) would be to avoid the freeways and allow me to get to work using a rail way-type system.  This would be either underground or overground.  This is not an something that we see on the west coast a lot, so it would be very helpful to many commuters in the town I live."
I would love to see more light rail transit added to Pittsburgh to alleviate some of the traffic congestion under ground
Three wheels auto two in back and one in front. 4 to 5 people can travel in it.
i prefer green transportation
"A network of self driving cars on demand.  You set your pickup time and location via app, as well as destination and desired arrival time."
Drones that carry people - flying cars if you will.  Lucky owners will fly over traffic jams with ease and get to work in record time.
"A nice way of transportation would be moveable sidewalks, like from The Jetsons."
Environment friendly transportation can be used to avoid global warming . So i prefer Electric trains and electric based vehicles .
"My transportation system would be for people to enter their own personal, flying car. The destination would be put into the onboard computer. And then the flying car would automatically proceed on the matrix."
"I live in a small desert city with a major traffic congestion issue. However, despite the grid layout of the town, there is a diagonal irrigation canal running from the northwest corner to the southeast corner. Currently it has some poorly maintained walking paths, but that's about the extent of its development. Now, in the desert, loss of irrigation water to evaporation under the glaring sun is an issue. I'd propose creating a covered walkway/bike path where solar panels provide protection to the water, as well as pedestrians and cyclists. We could even use that solar energy to create small electric scooter rental/charging booths. It would provide a shortcut - a green highway from one end of town to the other."
It will be a tube were you go into individually you basically lay down like you are going to sleep and it slings you across a fast network of tubes to you closest stop where then you just walk too it!
"An app based method of ride sharing public transit. City drivers in fuel efficient vans would respond to requested pick ups. The pick up requested by a rider would be assigned a pick up time within a short variable of the requested pick up (say 30 minutes), the van will pick up multiple parties near each other and drop them off at their destinations similar to the shared airport shuttles."
"I think a good idea would be a bike rental program.  Bikes would be placed strategically throughout the city and everyone would have a personalized token.  When you put in a token, a bike unlocks and you get to use it.  When you return the bike, you get your token back."
"A large network of rails traveling from downtown to every other part part of the surrounding area featuring energy efficient, sleek that arrive every ten to twenty minutes at each station"
A sensor that let's the parent/ driver know that their child's car seat is properly installed
"A big massive trailer with comfortable seats, and a breakfast bar that you can sign up for so it comes to your house, or a predetermined bus stop at a certain time.  Everything is reserved so you must opt in.  On the bus there is simple things, such as bagels/croissants/danish etc.  It's a good way to grab a quick bite to eat before work, and wake yourself up with some coffee.  The bus will use an algorithm to determine people to put on the bus that are on the way to the same destination, or a similar destination, while not going too far out of the way to pick them up."
"A magnetic roadway system, where people move in modular pods that are controlled by a central operating system (COS). Magnets underneath the street guide your pod along, and every movement of all of the pods is controlled perfectly by the computerized system, it is completely autonomous. If your whole family wants to go into town, you assemble your four-pod system and take off, where traffic is optimized perfectly by the COS. If just you are on your way to work, you hop in your single passenger pod, and take off!"
private and public transportation
An fleet of electric hybrid pedicabs. They could be rent by the mile or use drivers. People could use them to ride share to their destinations.
"chairs on rails, slow moving chairs down main streets that you can just hop on and ride to where you want to go"
"I live in a neighborhood near an excellent metro system, but not walkable to it. I would like a people-mover sort of system that travels through the neighborhood making the existing metro station more accessible. Perhaps small cars or pods at the end of each street that travel along an elevated rail directly to the metro station."
My idea is roller skate rentals in public parks to promote physical activity in kids.
A public bus system of buses the size of vans. It has an app that shows all the stops.
"Moving sidewalks, much like they have in the airports. They will run on solar power to save on electrical cost. When it's night time or cloudy, they can be charged through the kinectic energy of those that are walking on them."
Now Houston already have public bike stations. These stations allow someone to check out a bike for the day for a small fee. In some other cities someone has the choice to rent a car for the day using a credit card . The cars are eco friendly and cost very little to rent. I'm not talking about CarMax. This service is similar to the same service that is offered to rent bikes here in Houston. I think Houston should think about bringing the idea to the city .
"I live in a pretty population dense area where most things people need (like a hospital, a big job center, homes, grocery store) are pretty close to each other.  I think this set up begs for a monorail.  It would be elevated so wouldn't interfere with current traffic too much, but would provide a nice transportation system for people to take for short trips."
"As a networking solution, all cars produced after 2017 whether self-driving or not will be installed with small wi-fi repeaters that work on the new bandwidth. They will broadcast wifi from 100 meters in each direction. The tech will be an industry standard and will be powered on at all times anonymously. Funding will come from tolls from my tube idea."
"I wish we had separate bicycle highways that were enclosed spaces, both heated and cooled for summer/winter. It would be a cheaper mode of transportation. There would be protection to prevent car vs bicycle accident, a major problem in our area. It would also be healthier and exercise for the day during a commute. I picture it being a rounded space that is clear so you can see your surroundings outside."
"Micro car rentals where you can rent a car for just a short time without having to drop it off at a central office. If there's one nearby, and it's available, you could just take it off the street."
I think a trolley system would work really well here. I live in Fort Collins and the city is very centralized but the traffic is terrible - perfect for a trolley!
"We need a public ferry system on the intra-coastal waterway.  They should dig some canals that reach further into the neighborhoods, and let people get on the boat at various stops up and down the coast.  There should also be ferries going north and south in the ocean, just off-shore.  Rental sea-doos for short trips would be nice to have, too, and businesses near the waterways should have public docks.  It should be like Bangkok, Thailand."
"Yes, would love to see deaf accessability on  buses with captions when bus driver is speaking"
"Self driving cars that could detect traffic/other cars and could navigate to a specific location would be great in this town, especially at night to avoid accidents due to intoxicated driving of college students. The cars could be rented from the town and ordered similarly to taxi cabs, and could drive students home from the bars for a fee without relying on very tired or intoxicated friends to do so."
"A rail cart, that is powered by friction and capturing the head it produces while being driven down the rail, it starts with a simple pedal of a bike to create enough momentum and friction to start the process going and then as soon as you produce enough energy to get it moving, it will continue to produce and move forward till you press the brakes. BAM!"
"Uber is not currently available in my area, because it is not seen as a large enough ""metro"" area. I believe that if several of the small communities pooled together, there would be enough available and willing drivers to start a less urban and more suburban/rural version of a paid ridesharing service. Since the communities would be pooled, there would likely be drivers from many different areas of the community, so a larger geographic area could be served."
"I would like to have a subterranean network of moving roller coaster type tracks that move people to any location in the city easily, and deliver them right to the door step of where they need to go. This could be done by having exit points from the underground network of tracks that bring you to specific address clusters."
"I think that a trolly system would work well in phoenix.  They would run frequently, be smaller than a bus and go into more neighborhoods."
I'd like to see the combination of a food truck and a taxi. This way you could grab a fresh made bite to eat while on your way to the destination. There would be a seating area in the front and a small kitchen with a service window in the back. This bus could serve hot and cold sandwiches and maybe drinkable soup in cups with lids to prevent spills. Now all you have to do is hail a cab. Forget finding something to eat then looking for the cab. The food can be prepared for you onboard.
"I have recently returned a small-to-mid-sized city (60,000+ people, down from over 125,000 at its peak) after 20 years, and the public transportation system here is non-existent, Uber does not exist here (the nearest key city of 250,000+ people is 40 miles away), and there are 2 very small taxi companies which are not cost-effective or nearby enough to be efficient to use. In a situation like this, any alternative transportation would be beneficial, as this is a city where without a car/traditional vehicle, your ability to get even basic errands accomplished is compromised greatly. The city cited low ridership and rising fuel costs to keep the giant, hulking city buses operating as the reason for cancelling the public routes. My proposal would be to have smaller, and highly fuel-efficient modified Sprinter vans, each serving one small portion of the community, and running a smaller amount of the fleet during off-peak hours. This would allow the most economical and efficient model for the community to have access to needed transportation."
I want one of those teletransporter things that zaps you from one spot to the next
"I have seen a lot on the news lately about 'self-driving' cars, and I think it would be neat if this technology could someday be applied to public transportation. I think 'self driving' buses would be an excellent mode of transportation. I think this would be particularly useful for smaller cities or towns that can't afford to have subway systems. Self driving buses could be programmed to stop at every stop timely and efficiently and could save the city money by eliminating the need to hire drivers and would cut out the issue of human error when it comes to being on time, not showing up for work, or causing accidents."
some type of elevated train/bus system that didnt use the same roads as cars
"I think freelance carpooling would be a great idea. Vehicle owner can at any time turn themselves into a taxi service. The service can be run through a phone app, workers can set their own hours and rates. This would cut down on pollution, eliminate unnecessary vehicles on the road, and boost the economy overall."
Cars that can connect their GPS's so when they are all going to similar locations they can switch on auto drive and so all the computers can drive automatically. Once the closest stop comes around it'll make it so you have to drive the rest of the way.
Give people segways or hoverboards and then have a transport for those smaller transportations methods. Sort of like a car-carrier or bus that you board with your segway or hoverboard.
It was about the air cycle and we trying to control the air pollutions
"I feel that in the future there will be futuristic cars that will slowly evolve away from gasoline use more natural resources for fuel.  I think that the cars will continue to evolve into more sustainable, aerodynamic shapes and designs."
shared self driving cars that come to your door at the push of a button
"I live in a very rural area, and many of the small towns nearby are connected by winding roads. If these places were also connected by a system of bicycle trails, it would make travel from one place to another more environmentally friendly."
"I am thinking about a flying transport system. It should fly with balloon or air system. It should not need engine or fuel. So expence would be cheap. It should occupy 15-25 people at a time. It moves with air adjustment, drag, thrust, pressure etc. The flyer lands every important point in a city. So people can travel across the city with less time and money. No traffic block, signals, air pollution etc."
"A fleet of smart, autonomous busses."
"Cars that can drive themselves, but people don't own them. They're a service provided by the city and you sign up for it and call when you need a car and the nearest one comes to you"
A self driving lawn mower.  Use the technology for self driving cars to create a self driving lawn mower.
Self driving cars that you can schedule with a phone app. Similar to Uber or Lyft but with self driving cars.
"Pedestrians and cyclists  will develop sensing, intent recognition, and vehicle control  its knowledge, skills and experience to the Safe  vulnerable road users"
I have an idea of turn my screenplay into a graphic comic series. My screenplay is an anti bullying story that focus on the consequences bullying can lead to.
Encourage biking by providing dedicated bike lanes that are safe from vehicular traffic.
uber lyft or any taxi cabs we are a rural area very large and towns near or past 30 min away from eachother. having a taxi service would be very appreciative and would also bring more jobs locally throughout the whole southern part of this state really/
"A network of roads that we all on different levels depending on which direction you were going, so that there were never any stops that needed to be made, simply merging onto an onramp/offramp which takes you up or down a level or two and allows you to then merge onto the new direction you are desiring to travel."
"The city could do a partial co pay or cheap taxi or destination bus service. as in you meet the bus at a specific pick up place but then you tell the address you want, no designated stop."
"It would be something like a tram. However, it would not need cables therefore not make the street appear uglier. People would be able to jump on it anywhere on the street. That was people could ride it wherever they want not having to get off at specific stops."
Horse and buggy.  A horse and buggy that picks up people and take them on rides in the neighborhood.
It would be cool it we had a monorail type system throughout the neighborhood that does a simple circle and takes kids or adults from the neighboorhood into the town/school area.
"There will be trams and light rails that dont run on rail but use the earth's magnetic field or  solar power as motors, instead of buses. There will be free wifi in them. People will be using bicycles or just walk it to get from point to point."
The future transportation system in my neighborhood would be a ZIPLINE system. I don't think it would be difficult or expensive to do. I would follow the existing powerline layout and safely install zipline hardware such as cables and pulleys.
A bus with live performers
"Invest tax money into developing solar powered cars, this will reduce pollution along with reducing reliance on oil. Give citizens some kind of incentive to buy these cars and turn in their old gas-powered cars."
"Subway system underground, moving sidewalks on the ground"
My neighborhood needs a car share system between individuals. It would be similar to Uber but you would be able to drive someone else's car for a monthly fee.
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil. Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function as a vessel for a variety of reasons.
"I imagine a series of widening arches or loops of roadway and of several different sizes to accompany different types of pubic transport. Cars wouldn't be allowed in the city but stored at various exit point garages which would be provided by the city. Small roads would have small shuttles, large roads would have large fast moving shuttles that span the city. Independently, smaller walkways would be used for pedestrians and cyclists (and other man powered or tiny engine machines.) Larger walkways could become festival street fair type roads that are common in places like Greece."
I would love to see more paths in my neighbourhood. I like a little bit outside of town so it would be nice to have some paths that you could ride bikes or scooters on. Perhaps some underpasses under the busy roads.
"Something like a bus stop, however you would be picked up and dropped off by someone who might be passing through, other drivers, company vehicles (like UPS trucks), etc."
"Unfortunately, I live in a very small/rural town, so future transportation system would likely be simple public bus transit."
"Six different modes of powered vehicles; some motorized, some human powered. Some are single person transports, others are large, mass transit."
There should be government funding to give everyone bicycles.
"It's like a bus, but for bikes.  You just ride your bike onto the bus via a ramp in the back, then some clamps hold your bike.  You then just ride off."
"Continuous moving walkways, intersections become difficult and require actual steps to change directions but pretty much a conveyor belt for people. We'll power it by harnessing the energy from all the water moving in the sewer pipes."
"invent solar bikes, cars,etc.,"
"If we could be so technologically advanced to create giant versions of the airport conveyor belts where humans are carried across, that would be my new method of transportation. Since people are mostly lazy and want something to do the work for them (hence the upcoming popularity of the hands-free segway), this would be perfect to eliminate at least a fourth of the traffic on the street from cars."
"I would like to see a system built around ""people movers"" - similar to the ride that was once at Disneyland.  It would run underneath the ground - under the traffic.  Each car would hold one or two people with large reclining chairs and a docking station for your laptop so you can watch movies, play games or actually do work."
I imagine people using hoverboards and personal flying vehicles for transportation in the future. Personal helicopters specifically and hoverboards similar to the ones in back to the future.
PUBLIC TRANSPORT. BECAUSE IT PREVENTS MORE FUEL CONSUMPTION OF THE MOST VECHICLES. IT HELPS OUR ECONOMY
"A human-sized slot-car system.  Where cars run independently self-driving down a track through electricity like a trolley car, but just big enough for a regular sized family (in other words size of a regular car).  In order to move faster cars can link up by matching speed and then essentially ""plugging"" into the car ahead of it.  This could go much faster than regular cars and not have any of the problems associated with regular self-drive cars seeing as they move on a track."
A shared vehicle/ carpool incentive program.
"Kind of a monorail system that goes from stops in neighborhoods and takes people to a stop near the stores, etc.  Open top with a cover, no need to heat or cool, wouldn't run in extreme weather."
"There should be a buses that stop for people holding VIP signs that they paid for, so they can get picked up at more spots."
There will be a system for elderly and handicapped people. They will pick up people from their houses and take them where they need to go.
magnet driven individual pod monnrail type public transport
We could have tubes going from the center of the city and increasingly farther out in each direction.  A person could fit in the tube and it would suck them to the other end quickly.  It would then have  a pad to stop them at the end.
Alternative transportation could be taking a trolley that would be the same cost as a local bus .
The transportation system would be a combination of roads with cars and a railroad track. All of the cars would be connected and be able to drive themselves. Cars would all be on tracks and controlled by the car itself. This would lower accidents and allow for better traffic. Cars would be able to accelerate much faster as there is no driver intervention and you don't have to wait for other cars to accelerate or worry about where other cars are going.
Human-sized pneumatic tube transport. People would step into human-sized transport cylinders which would then be sent to their final destination through a network of pneumatic tubes that run beneath the city streets. This transport method was used extensively in the past for smaller scale items like mail and small packages. There is no reason it couldn't be scaled up to transport people as well. This concept could be compared to the proposed Hyperloop but on a smaller scale to transport idividuals over shorter distances within a city.
all the vehicles have very important our life.
Rentable cars that can be signed out online or on an app on your phone. All you would need to sign up is a driver's license.
Rikshaw taxi service
It would be a free system (every family in the neighborhood would have to contribute $300-$400 as a one time fee). Then the bus would run through the neighborhood every hour and take you to anywhere in the neighborhood that you need to go! You would be able to text the driver before hand of where you are going.
I live in a rural community about 1 hour from a city. I would like to see this area build a light rail commuter line that could link these isolated communities and boost the economy. Many people out here do not even have cars.
Use a sky train
The idea of having only driverless cars. No one will own a car. You just send a message through a driverless car app. The car closest to you will come pick you up. The cars will also have the ability to carpool (picking up people going in the same direction). The cars should also have the ability to go to a gas station on their own.
Cars that are Google GPS operated that are car pool cars like taxis. You pre pay and schedule ahead of time and then they come and pick you up on time and take you to work on time. It costs the same as gas so it is just efficient and environment saving.
"It would be hard to have a viable system in my neighborhood, because this area is so scattered. I think the best idea would be a bikeshare; inexpensive access to bikes would be a great idea! The bigger issue would be making our area bike-friendly. That's the part the requires creativity. We could add extra lanes and then add over/underpasses at intersections to make bikes not just inexpensive, but even more time-effective than driving."
I would make the ridesharing technology industry better and safer for everyone.
"I would like to see magnet-driven trains that would not only connect all the part of my very spread out city, but also could connect the major cities in the state together. Ideally, these would be largely automated, but with several emergency safety features, like an onboard override cabin and override booths at each station. There would also have to be a central monitoring hub to keep an eye on the system in general, that in the city would likely have to be run underground, but above ground tracks would be possible between most cities, allowing passengers to avoid traffic and enjoy the wonderful views at the same time. Magnetic drive and perhaps even levitation would help with getting passengers around in snow storms, which often disrupt traffic here in the winter."
A phone that can also be used as a credit card.
"Public transportation should be free a few times per month -- maybe one weekend day or holiday, and one working day.  This will cause less people to drive and improve the environment, and bring in more transportation money to the city.  Also, it would urge people to tell their elected officials to improve public transportation so that they can take advantage of it more."
"In the downtown area, stations to rent bicycles or even mopeds. Maybe you could have a really cheap membership and present your card at the check out station. Then you would return it at another check out station. It would cut down on how much people use cars. The key would be having enough stations to actually get the bike or moped to make the idea viable."
A new railway system! We don't have any trains or railways anywhere near the area I live in.
Drone hovercraft school bus
Tubes that move people around.  You get in a little part of the tube and press a button and shoots you wherever you need to go in the city.
"It would be a very good idea to come up with some kind of effective carpooling system in my area. I live in a rural place, but there could be a central park-and-ride lot built along the major thoroughfare to make carpooling simpler. Perhaps an app could be developed to run the carpooling system so that everyone is on the same page."
"I would love to see a social network for people that work for a certain business. This social network would allow you to find rides from other employees that live in your area. Every business would have an account at this website, and employees who want to pick up other employees can volunteer. Maybe a $5 fee per person each week to account for gas money, but it could be like it would tell you who lives within 10 miles from you that works where you do, and you can ride share or carpool with them. It would be almost like a social network where you can talk to other employees you don't know and then you can ride together or take turns driving."
"I envision a bike rack where you can check out bikes that also have an electric motor.  You swipe your credit card (or some sort of near field smartphone transaction, etc) and pay a small rental fee.  If the bike is lost or stolen your card will be charged appropriately.  You can ride around the downtown, college campus, etc, and at the end of the day check the bike back into another (or the same) bike rack."
Using train and bike will be good transportation mode which reduces cost of living and be good as they wont harm atmosphere.
Automated google car taxi service!
"A ride pool system like uber that uses vans to take people to similar destinations. Like an employee car pool, but done by a third party. Blend of employee car pool, and lyft line (I think that's what it's called)."
Conveyor belts on every sidewalk.
There is no bus system so my idea is for a bus system in my area.  I live in a suburbs of a small town and there is no bus out here.  It would be nice to have one.  Sometimes I don't have access to a car and maybe this bus could help me get to the store or church.  I would also like the bus system to be able to take me to the small town to go shopping and stuff.
Maybe a scooter sharing service
A rent a bike system. Solar powered bikes could be rented for 1$ and returned at different stations for a refund of 1$.
"Tampa, FL is one of the largest metro areas in the country without any sort of rail system, and traffic is bad. I would love to see a commuter rail system in our town, with a downtown hub and then lines extending north to the Wesley Chapel/Lutz area, out to Brandon, and then another line out to the Westshore/Airport area."
"BathroomFinder- click a button and it will tell you where and how to get to the closest bathroom. Great for that pregnant wife, your little boy with a baby bladder, and you when you are too drunk to be in public. BathroomFinder- Bringing you and porcelain together."
The Car is a tech-related industry. Personal transport in the best transport most frequently used in my city.
"An elevated wagon wheel shaped, high speed rail system would be excellent. The outer ring would be bi-directional allowing quick transport around the city. The spokes would be bi-directional and allow quick transport from inner and outer within the quadrants."
It would be effective to create a bike club in my neighborhood.  We would choose at least 1 day a week to ride our bikes to work decreasing neighborhood traffic and air pollution.  This bike club would host meetings once a month and reward people who rode the most days to work that month incentivizing people to ride more often.
Bike-pooling! Surrey bikes (bikes with multiple seats) could be used to get people healthy and move more than one person at a time.
Micro Chips for kids
I think that community cars that attribute to car pooling would be wonderful.
"a system of bikes that one can rent for free. Bike racks are located every few miles. People can use a key to scan and take out a bike, and return it at any of the racks in the area."
"Community electric trollies. We don't have any type of public transport except buses, and it would be especially nice to have something environmentally friendly!"
"Making a Difference in Your Neighborhood: Using Community Decision-Making to Improve the Lives of Children, Youth and Families is  for Local Decision Making Learning Guides"
"Combine google glasses with facial recognition, so that the glasses tell you the names of everyone you see"
We have alot of public trails it would be nice to have a big wheeler or large golf cart that could get us to the trails and back. I think more people would use them if they had a way to get there and could be picked up if they got tired etc.
make more busses available with more bicycle carrying capacity
"I live in a small, rural town.  I think a little van/bus that drove around town would get most people where they wanted to go. 

These are people that couldn't walk or ride a bike, of course.  We have flat land, and lots of sidewalks, so I see a small bus, constantly circulating as a good answer."
"I believe a rail car in the middle of the road would be great to take you from one part of the city to the other. This would obey normal traffic rules, but would be a no to low cost solution to transportation that would also drastically decrease DUI and traffic incidents due to alcohol."
"Although nationwide there has been a rise in alternative fuel sources, there is absolutely no support for that in my city. I think there should be an alternative fueling station installed to get people interested in adopting these technologies, and to show local support for the progressive idea."
My neighborhood has no transportation system. So a simple bus would help.
"A tax write-off for driving strangers to work.  This way, the stranger doesn't have to pay for the ride, the person driving still gets ample benefit for dropping someone off on the way to their job and the like.  There could be a little schedule online you fill out saying where you're going, and at what time.  



People who are interested in being helpful can go to this site, find out whats on their way, and scoop up the people.  Think uber, but instead of money, just get a dollar or two back on your taxes for every single person you pick up.



You'd be able to rate the drivers, and in order for them to be eligible for the write off, they'd need to maintain a high rating.  If anyone abuses it, or misses picking people up, they are barred from using it for a few months."
Carpooling: An app can be developed that gives location and destination and time of departure so that people in proximity can click in app to book their seat in the going car.
"I think that something that would dramatically improve public transport is by having an app or some kind of network in place where people at bus stops check in with a card or something to pay for rides so that bus drivers know if there's anyone at a stop ahead of time. This would allow for a dramatic increase in overall efficiency by reducing the need to stop at stops that no one wants to get on or off at. More importantly I think that it would be safer if drivers didn't have to visually scan to see if there was anyone who wanted to get on the bus, especially at night when it is dark and difficult to see potential passengers. Having a dashboard that notifies if there are new passengers at the next stop wherever the bus is in the city would go a long way to improving overall travel times and improving the overall efficiency of public transit by being more efficient volume wise."
Have an app for parents of kids who go to the same school where they can carpool and share rides to the same events. I live in a climate where these is severe weather so telling people to walk and ride bikes is only good in the summer!
"I would build a network of roads above the ground that are all made specifically for buses and train systems.  Instead of having to deal with the car traffic, it would be rewarded to take the public system and it would be very fast.  It also would have very few stops so you could get to your destination faster"
we have a unique opportunity to leave for the next generation a transportation system better than the one we inherited.
"A more affordable public transit (or shuttle bus) that is crowdsourced/crowdfunded and takes passengers anywhere within a certain radius (e.g. 30 mile radius, etc.)."
"I like the idea of transportation via crowdsharing of bicycles. There's something like that already in my city, but you can only pick up the bikes in certain areas. I wish there was a way to share bicycles via an app like Lyft or Uber, when someone is done with the bike you can pick it up near them when you are in the area."
"There should be personal cheap, reliable helicopters/aircraft that a person can use to avoid traffic and travel to their desired location."
"I wish we could get treadmill bikes. I saw a quick video of one invented in the U.K. I think. You walk on it and that powers a motor so you can move quickly even if you are just walking. We have many runners and walkers in our city, but only on trails or parks. If you could use them on the streets to actually get places it would be wonderful. You would also have to add some sort of safe parking places so they don't get stolen as I'm not sure you can lock them up."
Transportation that would allow people to rent out electric self driving cars. This would let people have cars pick them up at whatever location they want and have the car autonomously drive to their destination. Similar to a fleet of self driving electric taxis. This would greatly reduce the cost of transportation in my opinion because people would not have to buy cars but could rather rent or lease them.
"An alternative transport that would be excellent would be a monorail in my city.  It could be run with electricity, with many train cars, and go along the main north south route.  You could get almost anywhere in quickly and easily if it went along that route."
"Develop flying cars and use those, or use cars that can extend up vertically to go above normal cars."
"I imagine a train line that rings the entire city, with interstitial lines to service the downtown areas."
"Alternative energy powered vehicles. Using electricity, sunlight, and other renewable sources can be beneficial to society. Imagine if every car, motorcycle, bus, stopped using gas."
"I was thinking of underground tunnels that you could access from certain points -- not for a subway. Instead, you get in the tunnels and you have the option to take various tunnels to certain destinations using your preferred mode of transportation: razor scooter, roller-blades, running/walking. You can check out a scooter at an entrance, drop it off at your destination. that way you never have to bring it with you, the entrances would have them on hand. or you can just run/walk if you want and it would be out of the cold/hot/rain/snow/sun, etc..."
"A transportation system would include wide use of self-driving cars to facilitate efficiency and safety. Cars may be privately owned, or there may be a pay-as-you go or contract type system if you do not wish to own a vehicle. There would also be a total bike lane system for those who prefer to ride bicycles. The bike lanes would be much safer than what exists now."
I live in the suburbs so all the rail lines converge on the central city. It would be nice if there was a light rail system that linked the different major suburbs together. You could connect it to the lines going to the city and across the country.
a bus system that lets you rack up points for rewards
"It would be an underground bullet train system that connected major hubs around the city. It would take only minutes to get from one station to the other across town. There would be train systems at each neighborhood of the city, and you could get on an off at any stop in the underground tunnel.You would pay with a chip card so that you wouldn't need to carry cash or change. The bullet trains would be large capacity so that overcrowding of buses would be a thing of the past."
Something like Uber but with people on motorbikes than can weave in and out of deadlocked traffic during rush hour
transportation vehicles
"AutoTram - The network of AutoTram tracks criss-cross major streets and also cut across the city in subterranean tunnels. Instead of larger vehicles that carry many people, but have rigid, pre-defined routes, the AutoTram is reserved through the internet, and will pick up and drop off several small groups of passengers who have stops along an arithmetically chosen route."
My idea is to have shoes that you can wear at the beach.  It would have a filter to sift the sand out.
"Public transit is by robot rickshaws. These rickshaws are powered by solar energy and their fuel is sea water. Long distances are covered by trams that run on biogas. Individuals will use electric cars run by recyclable, rechargable batteries only and the fool is human or dog/cat excretement."
Uber limo. Essentially uber but for big groups of people that want to look like ballers.
De-centralize suppliers so everything is within walking distance of everyone.
"Self driving cars that you can schedule to arrive with an app on your smartphone. It will pick you up and take you anywhere, and it's all automated. No dealing with drivers or people. It runs efficiently and clean with electric vehicles."
I would like our city to have a railway system like downtown Miami. Its computer operated and is over ground. This means it wont impact traffic at all. Its a fast and easy service and its going to make things easier for all.
"Create a track system for cars traveling long distances on the interstate. Cars could enter the track, and the track would control the vehicle speed and direction eliminating the need for driver participation until the need to exit."
"The new transportation in my neighborhood is by teleportation! There will be a number of discs on the floor, coated in white paint, that people will step on and be teleported to wherever they would like to be. There is a catch - you have to do jumping jacks to get the teleporter started!"
Geo tracking pet collar.  People love there dogs and cats.   I think there are people who would be willing to pay for a dog collar with a geo tracking device embedded in the collar.  If the dog gets loose and runs away the owner is able to know exactly where the dog is so s/he can be rescued.
I would like to imagine being able to create a app and that uses credit cards. and invent a motorcycle scooter that has a huge row of seats in the back and runs like a mini van and use it as a taxi service. for only the city that I live in and name it Go Scooter transportation.
"A public transit teleporter using hadron cannon technology. It would break down every molecule in the body, transport them and then reassemble them. It would be painless and incredibly fast."
"CYCLING-increased cardiovascular fitness,muscle strength and flexibility.

http://s20.postimg.org/gvfcqz1e5/images.jpg"
Can use a taxi hailing service in my neighborhood to get from one point to another. It is relies on a service car and workers.
"The transport  tech-related industry very  used  in Technologies.

 the middle people transport Public Busses and Railway/ Trains/ Subways is used in Technologies"
"Light rail. Basically, street card running between the most popular stops. They don't have to run everywhere, but on their routes they'd be more efficient than buses. You count put the rails on the side of the streets, near the sidewalks."
"A moving sidewalk with seats.  You could get on and off easily.  In the high density corridor, this sidewalk would have seats that you sit on and would move you down the corridor.  Getting a person with a wheelchair four blocks can be a big problem.  You would just roll onto this moving sidewalk and they would be moved."
"As a socially awkward recluse who doesn't drive, I want to be able to call an automated system for a driver-less taxi. I want the option to pay online via debit/credit, gift card or Paypal or have the option to insert bills into the car door before being able to enter. I'd like to be able to pick my music genres for the ride as well."
a wind tunnel that can move people by air
"An electric bicycle train. Everyone has their own bike, but they can all hook up to a belt that would transport them at the same speed and direction in a safe manner, maybe even on its own road."
For the future we introduce solar bikes.
An automated monorail like system that goes through the entire community at a regular interval day and night.
A floating sky rail. Where There are different rail lines that intersect all over the sky.
"Golf cart rental - similar to bike rental, but golf carts can hold families. With a small membership fee, you can rent a golf cart for an hour or a day. Return golf cart back to another station when you're done."
A bicycle taxi service
"Railway tunnels off of the highways (outdoor subways) to provide a fast paced mode of transportation on busy streets that work with a system like uber that will have drivers readily available at each location. More for suburban areas, not large city areas that have subway/rail systems."
"The new transportation is a light rail that also includes trolley service for my neighborhood and city. For $1.00 each way, the light rail runs from east to west and from north to south. In addition, the light rail runs until midnight Monday through Friday and 24 hours a day on weekends. The light rail takes you to all major events in the city and portion of all fares go to pay for school resources in the community."
I hope to see people in flying vehicles in my neighborhood in the future. I would also like to see more amphibious vehicles.
"A traveler uses an app or calls a number to set up a pickup location and destination. An automated taxi picks the traveler up and takes him/her to a hub. The traveler transfers onto a sky train. The sky train is either a fast monorail or a helicopter. The sky train departs to a hub closest to the destination. The traveler gets off and enters another automated taxi, which finishes taking him/her to the destination."
It would be great if there was a scooter share like there is with bicycles. Something where you swipe your credit card and drop it off at any station thats convenient to you.
Solar/Electric hybrid scooter.
A solar scooter that runs on solar energy. It  has a back up battery and has retractable pedals for emergency manual power.
I see many Hydrogen cell powered vehicles on road in next 5-10 years. Hybrid vehicles will also gain popularity.
Buses are the best.  The best thing would be way more bus stops so we don't have to walk as far.  it would be even better to have longer hours that they are running.  maybe an app could tell the driver to stop at specific locations where someone is ready to be picked up instead of at traditional bus stops.  that would be great.
Rent cars for a day. Each city has a system where you can rent cars for a certain amount of time for a fee.
Self-driving cars will be the near future vehicle which can transport people to locations that is much safer for drivers and fellow passengers.
High speed rail train
"A bicycle rental system that allows town-owned bicycles to be ""checked out"" at various locations throughout the city, and returned to any of several locations. This will encourage people to ride bikes, even if they do not own them themselves."
"An app that worked somewhat like Uber, but is for ride-sharing/car pooling.  You put in your destination, whether you can drive or not, what time you need to be to your destination, and an acceptable range for the location.  The app would look for others with similar destinations or destinations en-route for others as well as the best route to minimize drive time, but maximize people getting to their destination.  Then the app would calculate a fair percentage of the ride cost for each person based on their destination, travel distance, etc.  Public transportation here isn't great because we are so spread out.  After each ride you could rate other passengers and the driver and those ratings could be used to filter out bad users entirely or just below a certain rating level."
We all have very light buggies made out of balsa wood.  There would be a sail equipped on all the buggies. Wind driven buggies.
"I get out of my house and before I leave my apartment on my 12th floor I just press a button on my app on my phone to type a location of the place i need to go.This would in turn contact all local data base systems of GPS based transport systems irrespective of the vendors available or government supported transport systems which include Cabs,Buses,Trains,Subway,3 Wheelers and most importantly assuming the people of the future will care a lot more about the environment and all the people who are going alone in a 5 seater car would have a option of sharing there carbon footprint left by the vehicle.And if the co-ordinates of the person with the car and the co-ordinates of the Person who is using the app matches then a Random Unique (one time use)Number or Picture or Anything which would be visible from atleast 10 feet away on a Min 6 inch screen.However this interface can be avoided by tracking the dots on the GPS system or by sending a snap shot of the car number or a photo of the person himself which will be destroyed automatically by the system once the person is down from the Vehicle.Punch Line Before I get to the main gates of the apartment.I should have the list of Vehicles available to me and the time it would take the vehicle to reach my place based on GPS and traffic conditions and also how much time would it take to reach my destination again based on real time traffic conditions and also most importantly.if i take  the public transport system.How much time would it take to reach the same destination and also how much Carbon foot print would i save from doing it.And also the time required by the vehicle to reach the local transport systems if it is not a walkable distance.There are many more ,But i think that is enough for the day.

GIVE THE CUSTOMER ALL THE POSSIBLE OPTIONS OF COMMUTING WITH THE CARBON FOOTPRINT AND THE COST AND THE TIME INVOLVED IRRESPECTIVE OF THE VENDOR OR GOVERNMENT SYSTEMS..."
good idea
Transport which will use to track people who are travelling
"Lightspeed travel, get to where I want in seconds."
"I live in a small village.  Everything is close together, so it might be possible to have a bicycle share program.  Bicycles could be borrowed and then returned to the same place or a different place.  This would allow people to get around without using cars."
"Conveyor belts on the sidewalks, similar to the ones on the airports, wouldn't be a bad idea. This would be perfect if you live near lots of stores, like a grocery store, drug stores, post offices, shopping centers, etc. This will cut back on driving."
A new innovative transportation system would be automated cars. They can pick you up and drop you off wherever you need to be.
"CAR IS GOOD FOR FAMILY DRIVE.

SCOOTER IS BEST FOR SINGLE ONE

BUS IS SUITABLE FOR LONG TRAVELLING

TRAIN IS BEST FOR LONG TRAVELLING WITH FAMILY

BICYCLES ARE MAINLY USED FOR EXERCISE AND SCHOOL CHILDREN"
"I think some sort of short-distance electrical flying transit system would be great to get from the suburbs to the city.  Not far enough for a train, no need for a large station like for a train or subway, faster than busses."
We have to introduce the use of bicycles in our locality
"Imagine streets that are great for bicycling, walking, taking transit and just for enjoying in our neighborhood"
"an app that takes into account both traffic and train congestion, as well as the speeds to walk or bike, to tell you the fastest mode of transport to a destination. For example, train  might typically be quicker to get from A to B, but when trains are spaced 20 minutes apart late at night and there is no traffic, driving/taxi would be faster."
"have soft landing missles ""shoot"" passengers from the suburbs to the city and back"
"In times of heavy snow, why not have cross country ski rentals?  It would be a lot of fun to be out and about on skis.  People could easily learn and have lessons.  People complain all the time they can't get their cars out after a storm.  Well, why not rent some skis and go to the grocery store that way for your bread and milk?  It would be very effective and wonderful exercise."
We could have helicopters that move from certain places in the city to farther ones.  Somewhat like a light rail system but from different ends of the city.  It could make jumps to each different port that would be faster than any other travel.
"i live in a somewhat smaller town in rural virginia. everything is super accessible and easy to get to. our town is gold cart friendly. my idea would be a cab service, but with golf carts. it would be a super fun way to help people get from point A to point B. it would also encourage safer driving."
"There should be a free bus that runs from several locations (school, downtown, etc) to the train station on a loop all day and weekend. People would be able to hop on and off with ease."
"We would ride hovercraft to a monorail station. The monorail would take us to work, school, etc."
Provide the ability to rent segways at certain locations in town.
build a so many sub way trains
"Idea 1 . Semi conductor can be design in such a way that it can be RE-USED.

Idea 2 . Renewable energy - the cost of the solar cells has been going down a lot, the labor to install them hasn't, and that's an area where innovation can help."
Hover boards
We should come up with a car service system that can be computer operated and you can have it just by dialing a number. It would be like a railway system but with cars.
"Tunnels, a series of tunnels to and from various nodes around the neighborhood, with access at most corners. These would have flat conveyors to make movement faster than normal walking much like in airports but also be underground to be out of the way and avoid unpleasant weather."
"a large open vehicle that moves slowly on wheels around the downtown area, carries about 25 people"
"biking system, where people can rent bikes and use them and drop them off at other stations."
"A new transportation system  can be something somewhat like a train, but a small train like shuttle, which can take others around the neighborhood, easy, fast and no traffic."
This is the best way to get around
"There is no public transportation in my neighborhood. We do not even have sidewalks for pedestrians. It is a major problem that I wish could be fixed, but no one cares about rural cities."
"I am visually a bus like transportation system that travels on something like rails which are suspended from above.  The rails are not supported by concrete systems from below.  Specialized buses will travel on these rails without causing disruption of regular road traffic.  When it nears a bus stop, the bus will stop and drop itself down to the level of the regular roads, open the door and let the passengers in and out.  Once the door closes it will climb up to the to the level of the suspended rails and travel forward on the rails."
"A train to the beach.  The beach is about an hour from our town (or three hours with summer traffic), and all traffic to the beach comes through our town due to an important bridge.  We could have a train that leaves from our town, or other stops nearby, and then expresses to the beach.  People would need extra room for luggage - or you could couple it with a luggage delivery system.  It would cut down on time to the beach and the number of cars on the road."
we introduce highly integrated solar vehicles.
"One person cars. That's right. A one seated car that allows one individual to have complete control. What is this solving you may ask. Why create a bigger vehicle for and individuals who has no use for it. Just a one door car that has a seat, a gear shift and a steering wheel. There are still creature comforts that are compact and accessible for each individual. Best part, they are one fifth of the price."
"Taxi-style self-driving cars which can be summoned via app and hired for longer journeys, or which would at least serve rural areas. Cars would probably have to be stationed at depots on the outskirts of town, activating and driving off when pinged."
I would say the biggest way to improve innovating is to have all new construction be made in regards to current public transporation hub and those that cnanot be require them to build a public transportation hub. So all new communities have bus access or train access.
ziplines would be awesome but im not sure it would be doable
"I live in a town with a lot of freight trains. A subway system would be nice because it would get us places faster (the town is large in size and spread out over several miles) and be able to bypass the trains, which stop constantly. The subway would run either over the existing trains or under them and run off of cards that were prepaid like the MTAs."
All vehicles are electric. Anyone who wishes to purchase an electric moped will receive a yearly rebate to reward them for purchasing a smaller mode of transportation that is environmentally friendly and won't congest the roads quite as much.
"With the limited parking available in our neighborhood, I would like to see a service that would allow us to park our vehicles in a large lot at the front of the neighborhood and ride in a cart with a driver to our homes.  It would make the congestion much better by cutting down on the amount of people that would be parked along the streets and blocking the lanes."
"I would love a subway system, along the most popular routes. Make it as green as possible."
hover crafts that you could rent for the day
Flying taxi cars?
Human sized drones. Highspeed rail like Japan has.Self driveable cars with an uber type interface. (cab drivers r terrible people)
"Independent tram car network. Tramcars are on tracks in a separate lane so as to avoid interfering with car traffic. They can be customized for destination (any queueing station on the network), so riders don't have to wait for a specific ""route"" to pick them up, like they do with buses. Each station is a place where the tramcars or ""pods"" can queue up, awaiting customers. Riders scan a magnetic card that automatically charges their card a flat rate (or distance-based rate) to enter. Sharing is allowed! This keeps things simple and encourages cooperation where possible."
Water Transport - The cost of maintaining and constructing routes is very low most of them are naturally made.
"An idea for getting around my city would be public Segways or other riding devices that you could take from station to station and plug back into a machine to charge up.  Obviously, anti-theft measures would have to be in place, but this could be really great in helping people get around."
Self-driving motorcycles
I think we should have a bicycle share program! Where people leave bicycles around the city for people to borrow to get from place to place. They would just leave the bicycle out for the next person to use.
ai controlled vehicles so we can eat and do things during the commute
"Along any road, there can be a big truck that bicyclists, skateboarders, roller bladers, etc can hold on to to they can get a break and a boost in speed.  Whenever they need to get off, they just let go and get to their destination under their own power. There can be loading areas where the truck slows down to let people on. There can be signs and road markings to signify this."
"Hoverboards, such as the one that Tony Hawk endorsed, which use tracks which are magnetized, such as a MagLev train, have tracks going throughout suburbs and cities and we can get around with almost no friction, only air drag and spend less energy getting around."
Basically a taxi system but for buses or larger cars.  It would operate exactly how current day taxi systems operate but it would only use large buses or vans.
"Help public transit bring people to holiday events,fairs, festivals and sporting events in my community. Be sure to  with my local public transit system"
"A VEHICLE RUNNING WITHOUT PETROLEUM PRODUCTS SHOULD BE ENCOURAGES AND SHOULD BE DEVELOPED

ALTERNATIVE TO THAT IN FORM OF BATTERY, SOLAR SHOULD BE FOUND , IN ORDER TO AVOID UNWANTED 

EXPENSE AND POLLUTION."
Fly for smart phone
A chalkboard based on the same technology as a Magna-Doodle. No more buying chalk or markers.
Tubes that are linked together and are wide enough to fit a person laying down. People get in a capsule and are delivered in great speeds to their destination by using compressed air or other methods. You can have tube terminals all over the city.
the pictures look great
A sort of snowmobile with wind protection and heated so you can get to work or the store on days when we've had a lot of snow. I live in Michigan and there are days when you can't get out of your driveway.
A bike path that has a divider between the road and the bike path. A dedicated bike path that has a sense of security could encourage more people to bike around town since they wouldn't need to share the road with cars.
Transportation which have free wireless connection for the passengers!
monorail high speed that takes your from the north side of town to the south side and all the way to the airport
Electric (gas-free) busses.
"I would implement a ride share program that would allow people to automatically help the driver pay for gas and wear and tear on the vehicle. It would make the shared ride cheaper overall, and provide incentive for a driver to want to share their ride."
"I think that adding an additional transport from the northern part of the city to the southern with either minimal stops or removing the need to use roads so that there is less traffic would be beneficial. If that could skip stops and merely go 2 places which are a fair distance apart, I think that would be even more beneficial."
A series of futuristic tubes that propel a person from one place to another
"Moving platforms that function like traincars and moving sidewalks put together. They would go above roads, have railings on each side and be like busses with bus stops. You could buy a thing like a bus pass that allows you x number of rides, so that you don't have to have cash on your person to be able to get on it. It would run from neighborhoods to main city areas and only be running when people call for it/use it to save money on electricity/gas/whatever"
"Self-driving cars where the cars are guided on directed routes by computers. The cars are not owned by any one person but are paid for using some sort of subscription service, so they are common property of users."
Create spring loaded shoes so people can jump around everywhere. This will reduce pollution and help people travel great distances.
Self-driving vehicles will be linked into a computerized grid that will adjust traffic flow and density to most efficiently transport people from point A to B.
"A both walking and bike lane that provides safety from traffic, is well lit, and connects key locations around the neighborhood."
horse drawn carriage
"Public transportation that may have a few bikes on the front that you can borrow/rent. Having the bikes attached to public transportation could help you to go further and maybe get around another city that has other things to offer, other than your own, where you may use the bikes at hand."
"A mutli-layed monorail system that is solar and wind powered. I leave in las vegas, which has a centralized population. It would go up and down the strip and between the strip and downtown and around the city."
"Ultimate monkey bars.  People are too fat in my area, forcing them to travel via monkey bars across the neighborhood should help not only with emission decrease, but weight decrease as well!  There will just be an overhead system running the lengths of the sidewalks at 7 foot high so no one gets hurt if they fall."
"This idea is called 'Rolling taxi'. The system is a large ball. single large ball. Inside the ball, people can sit . People sit or stand at the centre of the ball. As ball rolls on specially made road the centre region doesn't move. The centre region where people sit is attached to the  inner surface of the ball in a special manner so that people do not move. The speed and direction of the ball can control using technology. The ball roll all across the city with people inside on a special track. Speed is high and expense is less. Also it is fun."
So consider the sidewalks and routes around the stops.
Bicycles with wheels like trains are placed on rails and whoever is going to the market takes this bsicycle and with little bit of paddling the bicycle can reach the destination. There should be distance system where two bicycles should be impossible to collide.
We could use a street with magnets that support other cars that could be used as busses for a fraction of the cost in gas.
Car that use no gas
I imagine a system in which relatively small buses transport riders efficiently to the numerous train/rail stops for a high-speed railway system.
A hoverboard lane just like bikers!
My idea is to have a service like zipcar in which someone rents the use of a car by paying a monthly fee except that it would be mopeds for individuals or something larger like a pick up truck.  Just more options than a small smart car.  I used to live in Tokyo and driving a car there was awful but not something like a moped or motorcycle because they could ride in between the cars.  A larger vehicle like a pickup truck would be good for people who need to rent something to haul furniture or something like that but don't want to drive all the way to a car rental place or Lowe's to get the truck.  Everything would be rentable using an app and the cars would feature opening the doors and starting the cars through the app itself.
"The city has recently built a set of rollerblade kiosks that allow people to rent skates in their size.  By putting in their cash or credit card, they can rent them to go visit other locations and get a small refund when they return them to another kiosk."
"There could be a train type of system but not using metal tracks like they have in europe (above ground?)  The trolley or bus could be made to target things people wanna go do instead of just transportation.  Like grocery shopping or night out to watch movie theatre and that way everyone is grouped and the businesses upsales, etc can develop better because of that."
"An expansion of the skyrail or a similar system with connection to the skyrail could be added to the surrounding cities of Seattle. The addition of public transportation would cut pollution and reduce traffic congestion with the plus side of convenience. It would be a good idea to implement this idea while we still have space available, rather than wait until the problem is a burden."
"The transport is very safely in the  roads.

Transport signal is very good technologies

Scooter  is used very good technologies  Personal transport."
"Open-faced railways around town would be great. They'd be cheaper to build without being fully enclosed, so would pay for themselves faster. No need to go so fast because they're just going around town, so wind on passenger's faces wouldn't be too bad. And loading and unloading passengers would be quicker too, since there isn't a door to bottleneck the flow of traffic."
"A new transportation idea would be to have bikes that can be rented.  I have seen this in some towns such as Austin, Texas.  Where you can find a bank of rental bikes every couple of blocks.  How awesome would it be if this was more normal and people could choose to ride a bike to the store to grab a loaf of bread or something, rather than getting in the car and wasting gas and adding to pollution."
Charging station for electric cars that also has lots of electronic device chargeers.
Energy Efficiency.
Tunnel highway to avoid traffic that is overground.
"My city is right on the ocean and there are many canals within the city as well, so I think a kind of transportation system with water taxis or some kind of water buses would be really useful. In a lot of cases I think this kind of transportation would be faster and more accessible to people, especially if it was willing to pick people up at designated locations or even right off their own docks for those who have them."
High speed rail
I imagine a type of highway for bicycles where people can use on and off ramps easily to reach their destination. They wont have to worry about cars since its a bike only highway system. it will get people to their destination quicker since they dont have to stop at traffic lights and watch out for pedestrians.
"The transportation system is much into the future where you get into a cylinder and press your destination on the buttons, somewhat like an elevator. The tube launches and within minutes, you arrive at your destination within the city limits. The cylinder, if you can imagine, is one like what you put your deposits in at a bank window."
A ski lift type tram.
Reach in grab through tv
"I did not see your previous task, so this is my first idea.  It would be computer controlled drones arriving at you front door.  They would be equipped with a compartment below the four horizontal propellers.  It would have a capacity for one person with one carry on.  There would be lanes in the ""mind"" of the computer that would coordinate altitudes so that the vehicle would avoid other vehicles and elevated objects such as trees and high wires.  The vehicle would take the person to a central station where mass transit such as a train would collect riders."
Instead of buses or trains that come at specific times there would be a looped track with chairs that circles the city constantly there would never be a wait as it would be running constantly.
"We will have cars that can lift off the ground and ""fly"" with a air propel system. This would be fast enough for them to travel in that city area without hitting any others."
"have self-driving jitney to run on main corridors, when you want to leave your house, just call an uber-like app, the next one will pick you up as long as you're within, say 1/2 mile or 1 mile. Along way it will pick up other riders heading same direction, drop off and pick up within 1/2 mile or so of. Combines bus/torlley service (running fixed route every 10 mins) with uber convenience, pickup at your door. and drop off at location."
"I think there should be free neighborhood circulators that stop at significant shopping centers, landmarks, or services, that run throughout the day. I think they should be brightly colored bus-like vehicles."
You hire a kid to ride you around on his bike pegs. It would give kids a job and exercise and be a clean way to get across town.
An idea for a new transportation system in my neighborhood would be to use cars with automated driving that would allow the person(s) to input the destination and go about doing other things while the car drove itself to that location.
"A scooter called the ""quad-scooter"" could hold up to 4 people with a glass bubble around it to shield them from debris and help keep them safe."
"I think we need to tap into the power of magnets.  We can use solar panels all through the roads, then use them to power magnets on the road.  The vehicles will have oppositely polarized magnets that will be controllable in the car.  I guess it will work like those trains that use magnets, but someone smart will figure out a way to control the magnets independently.  The car battery will power the magnet on the car, and can be shut off immediately once the power is cut in case of emergency."
"I live in a chicago suburb and I believe that driverless cars are the future.  But what I actually prefer is everyone driving their own vehicle, what i actually hope happens in the future is that licenses are much harder to get...there are so many people out there with no clue of the rules of the road and it is hazardous to everyone around them."
"A system could allow cars to drive up to a rail station and be loaded onto a platform. It could be optional to have the driver stay inside for short trips or get out for longer trips. The platforms could then allow cars to be quickly transported along rail lines instead of having to consume fuel. These can be used on older less used rail tracks, making use of existing infrastructure and help clear traffic along busy highways."
"An idea I've had is the concept of personal golf carts that are used in malls, country clubs and campuses but having a few of these carts that use alternative energy methods like charging or solar power. 



They would be small and won't go at very high speeds but they could be useful for getting people in the neighborhood around for errands or nearby places while saving them money on gas and helping the environment somewhat.



It could be a small fleet the neighborhood keeps around and they are rented out to the local community for a small fee or monthly payment."
"A trolley system would be a great source of transportation, using small trolleys instead of buses.  Another Idea would be a mini bus system that primarily transported people to key areas like the train station or the airport.  A shuttle system."
"I am deaf. That is why I would like to see closed captioning to announcements made to deaf, or a special light shown when there was a mechanical breakdown, and we could not hear the announcement to transfer to another bus."
Create an app called free miles. Drivers pick up other riders in exchange for miles. The drivers can then use the miles they have accumulated and use themy when they need a ride somewhere.
Using boats to travel in Miami to beat the rush hour traffic. It's quite simple to travel anywhere in Miami by using the canals and various waterways. Boats or ferries should be used not just for sight seeing but for public transportation.
"A hitchhiking app where everyone has a profile with ""reviews"" from other drivers and hitchhikers. If you're walking somewhere you can turn on the app and if someone else with the app happens to drive by they can pick you up."
Express subway lines would be nice.  WMATA is a terrible system.  But I'd be happy if we could get some sidewalks and bike lanes in our neighborhood.  A real help would be a circulator bus system for the neighborhoods surrounding our subway station.  The current system runs point to point and doesn't reduce car trips to the grocery store and local mall.
"My neighborhood filled with uber drives. However, there is no cost assoicated with the transit it is all provided by the town. It would be like new york city (think of cabs), however nice black cars everywhere and someone can hop in to any one they want free of charge. Baisically be like public transit with uber and they will take you wherever you want."
"A futuristic railway that could stop at different stops depending on if people are their or now, it could run on renewable energy and stop every quarter mile."
Buses that go everywhere.
"Cars utilize an antenna again to capture radiowaves and microwaves in the air.  They then use these waves and transfer them into energy to charge a battery.  They are working all the time in order to charge the battery, and can be plugged in to power in the case the battery runs low."
The vehicle run in the solar power.
"Need busses, or sccoters"
"I imagine a new transportation system that was both friendly to the environment and fast. These new vehicles would be autonomous, run on electricity and maintained by the city and housed in a centralized location. When someone determines that they need to get to one place, they would simply summon the vehicle from their computer or a mobile phone and the vehicle would be there promptly to pick them up. In this city, there would be no other form of public transportation, no one would own their own vehicles or drive themselves and all vehicles' locations and speed are tracked through a central computer so  that each ""pod"" or vehicle would be able to take the most efficient routes at the most efficient speeds."
"The future transportation system in my neighborhood is called air cars. They were created in an effort to reduce carbon footprints and try to save our planet. These vehicles are much more lighter than regular cars and can be upgraded to fly. The best thing about these cars is that they operate solely on air. What is even better is that there is a filter that intakes air and cleans it by trapping dirty air in a compartment only able to be removed by manufacturers. This is our last ditch effort to save the Earth, so buy a Clean Car."
"The future of transportation is advancing rapidly but we still can't figure out how to end the fatalities that come with driving, but now with virtual reality gaming in effect they have finally announced a new app and means of transportation that allows you to have the ability to travel without even leaving your home. All you do is download the app, put on the goggles, enter the destination and you will travel to any location just like that. No, no, what you are thinking is time traveling, that's crazy, time traveling does not exist, what this is, is just a portal built to take you to your location without having to worry about the outside world. Don't worry it will be available for everyone so don't worry about it costing you an arm and a leg, well a few have lost arms but that was just the early testings."
"How about a new one based on gliding, like you can rent or borrow gliders from places, or maybe small leg powered aircraft. Then you could land and pay a small fee for their usage."
Future transportation system in my neighborhood could be a electric bicycle taxi system where neighborhood resents can take shorts trips like the grocery store or sending kids off to school.
"I would like to see a public transportation system, funded by the government and running non-stop.  Possibly employing people in an uber style privately owned vehicle service.  Or some car pool ideas."
"Create a taxpayer-funded service like Uber, but dedicated to carpooling people. Since people are already paying for it there would be an incentive to using it. This would ease traffic and reduce pollution."
A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be a railway system available to rural and outlying areas.  It would stretch along the roadway and connect to different cities and stops much like a trolley system or train system.  People could get on and off at different points.  They could schedule to be picked up at different times during the day.
A bicycle helmet with speakers and Bluetooth connectivity for your phone.
"Maybe for anyone who has a driver's license, and needs extra money, there could be a service that is kind of like an Uber but it serves a neighborhood specifically. And the drivers would be people in the neighborhood who need extra money, and want to do part time work (on an as needed basis.)"
a shuttle system that goes to more frequent stops
Combine the new driverless car technology with a bus.  Create an app that people use to communicate with the bus and schedule rides.  The app could track their location and do calculations for where everyone is and wants to go then create the shortest and fastest route.  When there are no more riders the bus could park its self.
Burried greenways for biking and walking
"I imagine hover bikes in the future, powered by solar energy."
Each neighborhood gets together to say what time they will be leaving that has a automatic system that will call and tell everyone in the neighborhood or in short distance where they are going and when they are leaving.  That way they can catch a ride with others and not have to guess where or when they are leaving. It could be like a carpool system where everywhere you go it will auto call if that person is gong to another location and you still have room in your vehicle.
personal transport drones that can fly you over low altitude to your destination. These could require a pilots license to fly manually or not if you use the autonomous features.
"I think we should have a system like Uber set up here. Allow individuals to ""sign up"" to be drivers at the town and people can book rides via the net, text messaging, or by calling. I think this should be tax-exempt income because then the town has no issue with gas or any other expenses because it makes this more profitable to retired people or others who can't work. With the way free market works we would almost always have enough drivers!"
A quantum teleportation device that creates a temporary rip in space time that allows the users in instantly transport to any 3 dimensional coordinates in the universe. You would simply place the device on the ground and stand on it with both feet then press a remote button in your hand to start the transportation process.
My city needs a monorail that transports people from the suburbs to downtown and vice versa. the highways are not very good at providing an efficient way. A monorail would be fast and perfect
"Pollution is becoming a real problem in my area. The local government should provide tax incentives for people who adopt clean energy vehicles. The high upfront cost of these vehicles make the cost prohibitive to many, but by creating tax incentives, the local government would be able to offset some of that cost."
I would imagine a monorail type of situation.  With frequent stops around the neighborhood so everyone was able to get on relatively near their home.  It would move quickly and make stops at the nearby schools and stores.
Railways and bike routes.
"I would create a bicycle rental system that was accessible to wheelchair. Pittsburgh created rental bicycles, but they left out disabled adults."
"Autorickshaw : In Chennai, India, people travel in autorickshaw for short and long distances and here we have sharing system of auto also."
Seated chairs. Where there are different covered chairs with pre programmed destinations where even small kids can sit on and it takes then directly to their destination while hovering above the sidewalk.
"This is about a single user system. It is similar to a bicycle. But it's does not run on road. It has specific path made only for this vehicle like a railway track. The track has frictionless surface. The bottom of the vehicle is also frictionless. The vehicle does not have round wheels. But instead flat frictionless bottom (but also can be frictionless wheel). Vehicle does not need fuel. First we clips the vehicle to the track manually. We sit and unclip the vehicle from the track and apply some mechanical force just like in the bicycle to move forward. After that the vehicle moves without any force. Because there is no friction.We just sit and relax. When we apply brake, clips is attached the bottom of track and it stops. The track should be spread all across the city. Vehicle is portable. We take it from home or rent from government."
This would be a bike lane that would be protected from other vehicles. It would make biking more safe and efficient. Bicycles would move in one road and cars would be on a different one. Cars would have to give the right of way to bicycles.
Hot ba's in bikini's pick you up. Guaranteed 7 on a scale of 1-10
A map that has the location of buses currently running so that you can see how long it takes for your bus to reach you while waiting for the bus.
"Buses that have the ability to carry bikes for their customers.

Many people don't live next to a bus station and ride their bikes there so if the bus had a place for the bikes it would really help the customers out."
"Pneumatic tubes like in Futurama, 

air conditioned, zooming around, up over buildings. 

Maybe capsules, in low friction tunnels."
"I live in a rural area, it's pretty hilly but it runs along the length of a valley. It would be really nice to have a walking/bike path that connects the residential neighborhood to the commercial district without having the bike/walk on the road. Although it's generally slow traffic, walking on the road is never exactly safe. Especially in the winter. To be able to network together the few towns in the valley too would be very nice."
"What we need is a better public transportation system that services the East end of the city.  Perhaps a bullet shuttle that will pick up in certain areas of the East End, and shuttle t predetermined locations within the city such as the downtown area, in addition to other areas."
Adding a metro to our area would be great. It would provide a quicker way to get around as opposed to the buses that are frequently full. It could run from the residential areas to the university.
Backpack rockets would be a great alternative to getting around this city. Since most places are within a 5 mile radius it would be a super convenient way to get around and would be totally affordable.
"I am from Cincinnati, and one new mode of transportation that would be great here is a subway system. Tunnels already exist from a failed project decades ago, but with the growth the city has seen, it could be a viable option."
"My neighborhood has very little public transportation. Because it is a small area with everything pretty close together, having bike rental terminals would be my idea. Having several terminals in key areas, allowing renters to return bikes at any terminals, would allow renters to get the most out of the service."
"There would be frequent buses that run from each neighborhood into the city center on a regular basis. There could be a regular light rail service through downtown and some of the outer areas. Right now there is nothing but a few bus lines that run too infrequently to be of service, and go to specific areas of town that aren't necessarily useful to most people."
Road ways - Bicycle is one of the best transport. Pollution free and keep body fit.
It would be cool (although pretty difficult to actually create) to have a gondola lift public transportation system that had cars that could travel over the streets and take people places avoiding traffic! There'd be stops that had elevators and stairs to get up to them and basically they'd just be suspended a bit above the streets and you could travel nicely between them over all the traffic below.
Automated car! A car that can drive automatically and protect you from accidents and bumping into things. Simply input the location you wish to go into your GPS and away you go!
"This personal transport would utilize a series of driverless cars.  In tandem with smartphone integration, you could get to where you need to go with the help of just an app!"
"I want to see the Chicagoland suburbs connected by a train. Most often if they are, it's because they're on the same line going to Chicago, but I'd like to see a system that moves between suburbs that aren't connected on the train line."
A good transportation system in my neighborhood would be one that was also integrated with a phone app. People can request a bus or some other type of thing to stop by where they are and essentially add them into their route. It would be very low cost too because other people would be using it as well.
The idea is that free long term parking is offered at multiple nodes throughout the outskirts of the city. Within the city there are three primary modes of transport: public bicycles (if needed) for short distances between bus stops for medium distances and at key points throughout the city train stations for the longest stretches for cross city travel.
Developing a bike path throughout the neighborhood that goes directly to business locations would encourage more people to ride bikes and drive their cars less.  This bike path could snake all around the city with entries directly to all business locations making it an easy option for people.
"It would be great if we had raised, walkable paths all throughout my neighborhood. They would be similar to bridges, only not as high and not as wide, that way people could walk or run for exercise and not worry about being struck by vehicles."
margarita chips and salsa delivery
"Better GPS, on demand service like Uber but for chores, house work, etc"
Snowmobile Taxis
"Driverless cars, it's the only thing I can imagine being different in my neighborhood.  We do not have room for new rail systems."
"because I live in a small town, many alternatives just won't work (like buses and trains). I think though, that a transportation system using vans or small buses might just be feasible. Another option, because it IS a small town would be to provide sidewalks on every street in town and encourage walking."
"Pods that look like mini versions of subways, but run above ground in a designated lane. to make this into the infrastructure, street parking would be eliminated from the street in use, that would also encourage pedestrian use."
I would love if my neighborhood had a rail system that worked from magnets and floated along the rail at high speeds.  I wish that the cars were individual and that I could get in and select from a list of destinations.  I would like my own car and to be able to bring my dogs with me.  It would be fast and smooth and work with minimal power.
"Moving sidewalks all over the city would be amazing. People could hop on and even sit and get to their destination.  They'd be like the ones in airports, but they would go faster.  Some could even run into and through tubes so people would be protected in bad weather.  Something like a gerbil habitat would be amazing.  I think it would promote people walking instead of driving.  Or, just standing on the moving sidewalks.  It would reduce pollution if people took things like this around the city."
I see a solar powered trolley going around the neighborhood.
It would be an electric tram that would ride in the center turning lane of my neighborhood.  It would look like a two-car train that would seat around 40 people.  It would make frequent stops at major intersections and shopping centers in the neighborhood by pulling off to the side in the bike lane. It would have solar panels on the top to help off-set the electricity use.
"An extensive network of electric vehicles that run off solar power. They sit out in the sun all day anyway, and can be shared and used as needed by the neighborhood. The neighborhood pays a monthly maintenance fee to use the vehicles. They may be used for shorter city trips."
people would use hoverboard or airport walk ways (moving)
"Zip line like transportation. No energy required, no big roads, just gravity controlled zip lines. Fun. Fast. Scenic."
"Our City has no nearby neighbors. Any future ideas are going to require a rail system, preferably something fast like japanese trains. Maglev technology which will allow faster travel from coastal towns and cities to the capital."
use the Motorcycle do not any trafic
"It would be nice to have a device that generates gentle waves in a pool. Similar to a water park ""wave pool"", but appropriate for small home pools."
My idea is to build an app for uber drivers that show all the short cuts to a location. Even if they have to drive through residential areas. The app will calculate the shortest distance and time depending on traffic.
double decor traines
More transpotation sharing.
Safer bike lanes
"I think it would be nice if we had roads that were dedicated to bikes. Like mini transport bike paths with 2 or more lanes that were half the size of car roads. I hate riding my bike with cars, it doesn't feel safe, and keeps me from riding some days."
"I would love for there to a more intergrated train system in my city (specifically my neighborhood.) I'd love to be able to hop on a train (or streetcar) and be able to transfer to a larger rail system that would take me to other cities, etc. Something like what european cities have."
"It would be small individual electric golf cart-like cars that run along the edge of the sidewalks every couple of minutes that people can hop into to go to the grocery store, pharmacy, post office, etc.  they operate from out of a common neighborhood ""hub"" so each system covers a small area.  People can just call one from an app on their smart phone, they are charged a small fee, then after the trip, the cart remains in one area until it is called again or it returns to the hub to be charged."
"I also think there can be drones that can transport people flying at low altitudes way below planes so as not to disrupt plane systems. They can be coordinated in a central place to that there are no crashes, and the drones can be as autonomous as possible to avoid human error."
"I would like a free car sharing service.  So the city provides cars, but that can only be used if they are full, so that you have an incentive to carpool, and as long as you do, you get a free ride."
Personal jet packs
Transport signal is very good tecnologies
I would imagine an electric scooter or hoverboard rental system.  You could use them when going to and from a train station stop and to your final destination.  I imagine a rental system so that you could pick one up at a train or bus station to go your extra distance and return it when you return.  Renting would be a good option if you did not have your own with you or only use it with other public transportation. Bad weather is always an issue using these devices.
I think there should be personal pods that can ride on train lines and trolley tracks.  These can be bought or rented.  They can follow the train or trolley and then be parked.  It could alleviate a congested train at rush hour.
"It would be great if we could improve the pubic transportation and reduce the number of cars on the road. I would like to see self driving buses as well as bus only lanes and self driving cars. No manually controlled cars would be allowed and because of this hopefully the roads will be safer because most accidents and caused by human error. We could have the speed limits increased as well because self driving cars can ""see"" a lot father ahead than humans."
All persons having two wheelers or four wheelers or both. That time may be very high traffic while travelling. So increasing the road transportation as possible in near future.
"I think the idea of rickshaws are a good one.  But in most places, like cities or suburban areas with hills, a traditional rickshaw wouldn't be practical.  I think that a bike with an electric motor and a cab on the back would be a good solution.  It's nicer for the environment and a more personal connection than a taxi.  Plus, traffic might be alleviated a bit since there's less cars on the road."
"An app that you put recipes in. It gives you shopping lists, nutritional info, and how it fits into various diets. Especially medical ones such as for diabetes."
"In my neighborhood the current mode of transportation is motor vehicle. There are times when the beach area and town is congested and no parking. So i am thinking a smaller mode of transportation like a scooter with comfortable seat that can transport at least two people. It should have a covering that would protect the individuals from the elements(rain, sun etc)"
"A tube system, similar to how you can send packages through tubes in factories, get people in tubes. Futurama has a concept like this, but this could be somewhat realistic. It could go pretty far and be good for the environment. It would require a better infrastructure but it would make going long distances without public transportation a viable option. Unless you consider this public trans."
"The area is very car-dependent, but a train or monorail going down the middle or above the main highways would be a great way to travel down the expressways and parkways without having to depend on a car."
"An app like Uber, except for people to just give others rides on their way to places without any monetary factor."
The employer would work on a system to have every employee's address and map it.  Then a very large carpool could be created to make it easy for everyone to get there on time and save them money.  The employer could also provide the bus or van to make it even better.
"I would like to see lightrail or street cars inbny neighbor hood.   Something that was powered in part by alternative energy.  Solar panels on the stations, perhaps on top of the light rail cars."
"autonomous vehicles abound. there are shared autonomous vehicles that can be called by neighborhood members. you may travel to destinations within your town only. the cost is shared by real estate tax. the benefit is a drastic reduction in traffic congestion, as much fewer cars are needed."
"hyper-bullet trains

solar-powered buses"
"I think a rent a scooter app would be great. Like in places where you can rent a bike, it has a lock down and you can pay at the lock station. Then you could drop it off on many of the scooter lock down locations."
"Improve the bike lanes while simultaneously passing legislation to give huge tax breaks to people who ride bikes. More people will ride bikes, save more money, burn less fuel, and be more in shape."
It would be a cart or trolley that comes around just big enough to carry a small group of people. It would be a free service that drives short distances. It would be built into the taxes.
"I would really like to see separate lanes for scooters in my area.  A lot more people are commuting this way, and it would be good if it was a safer way to drive."
"a new system in my neighborhood could be bicycle - but have taxi options, so additional seats attached, perhaps rickshaw style. A person would pedal (no motors, so no issues with being on road) and there would be a seat on the back for a rider. There would be a helmet with each rider."
"A car that woeks with the magnetic forces of earth, applying a system that can take advantage of all the force that can be generated. It can also work with other alternative energies such as solar power or wind power. All of these energies mixed in one idea and also fossil fuels but to a minimum scale."
A cargo bike rental that came with discounts at supermarkets and hardware stores.
A car pool van that does loops around our town picking up kids and dropping them off at various activities. There can be an app that works to hail the van and parents can track where its going
a flying car to dodge traffic
"An overhead puppy cart system, the same concept as in skii resorts. I live in NYC, and outside of traveling by train, there are no other practicals transportation which avoids traffic. Unlike the the train system, you would be able to make direct routes, with a bonus of great views around the city"
transport mode system
"my neighborhood future transportation system will be made up of flying cars. This cars will be able to take off and land like helicopters. There will be no more traffic jams, traffic light, annoying speed limits and harassing cops. People will be able to travel to any part of the world without going through airports and flight connections. There will be new telecommunication and navigation technology that will help the drivers navigate safely without having mid air collisions and also mid air gas stations to refuel the cars."
"How about an Uber motorcycle. I know a lot of people that have never ridden on a motorcycle, this gives them a chance to enjoy it."
"Skateboard, hoverboard, rollerblades, ice skates"
There are a lot of fairly narrow paths in between buildings in my area. It would be good if they could be paved smoother to be used by bicyclists. It would make their travel more efficient and would also increase their safety as they wouldn't have to spend as much time on roads meant for cars.
A vehicle that is self powered but only when the user operates the peddles under their own power. A steering mechanism is on the upper front area that allows an operator to turn left or right.
more train/subway connections and better bus service. Better communication as to when buses arrive etc
A trolly/tram type of transportation!
An old lawn mower with the blades removed.  My young daughter years ago used one as you would a four wheeler.  She loved it and got tons of miles out of it as well as fun.
"A real trolley/tram system, not a bus that they call a trolley. Rails. Automated, pre-programmed directions. Various sensors to determine speed/safety restrictions."
MOTORCYCLE
I live in a small town so I think the future transportation system in my neighborhood will be to get rid of normal sized roads and create bike and walking paths all over town. I can see the current roads changing to smaller lanes made for electric vehicles while most of the transportation needs will be fulfilled with bike and walking paths and personal hoverboard type of transportation.
"I live in a rural area and a lot of people have horses- so an uber or lyft but actually with horses! If you are a nw rider, you can be on a horse on a lead rope, and if you have experience, you can just rent the horse!"
bike rickshaw
"I would l to see a system of transportation where the service would do home pickups,similar to a bus, only the stops would be made at your home regularly for a monthly or yearly fee."
Mini bus services around the neighborhood covering the residential area so that single rides can be reduced
"Since where I live gets cold, my idea is to have something like the NYC bike share, but with covered and heated cabs.  Our town isn't too big so you can pick up and drop off like a ZipCar.  The bikes would be electric so you can make it up the hills and to provide heat.  There would be an app to tell you where the nearest bike is and to report anything about it, like it being broken."
good
"People could ride bicycles to work, it would help as it would be good exercise. It could also be fun to do something different, as most others drives cars or trucks. However it could only for for close workplaces, as a lot of work is further then in bicycling distance."
i would enjoy seeing horses as a way of public transportation more often
I think that public buses should have some type of bike rack on the back of the bus. Some people want to take their bikes with them somewhere but the place is to far to bike the whole way.  The can chain their bike to the bike rack and remove it when they get off the bus. Of course space would be limited to about 2-3 bikes.
I believe a good future transportation system for my city would be a highspeed lightrail that can get people to their stop quickly and completely safely
"The future transport system would be something which would be very unique, we may see air-car and air-bikes in future with different lanes distributed for them. These would fly at a very low altitude and would achieve very quick speed."
"I'm envisioning a system of small feet-sized platforms, along with a handle at arm-height, running on street-level light rail tracks throughout the city. Like an escalator, these continuously run in a loop around the city/neighborhood, and passengers can jump on and off at will. (Access would be prepaid and mediated by a RFID chip card and scanner on the devices.) These would probably move at about 5-10 miles per hour - faster than regular walking, but slower than other forms of transport that require more infrastructure and potential for danger. It'd kinda be like, Razor scooters but built into the city landscape and available at-will. Like a bike-share system, but always there and with no energy or exercise expended. This would be a great way for tired people to avoid walking, and would speed up trips to the closest subway station/bus stop."
a service in which you get picked up by a car and earn points you can redeem for free rides
"A subway system in my city is badly needed. We have terrible traffic and everything in the city is built in a grid system. It would save time, money and gas consumption for millions."
"I think that a new mod of transportation in my neighborhood would be a electric bike taxi system. It would be an electric bike pulling a carriage that hold up to 3 other people. The system will travel from people's houses to their work place, local shopping centers and local entertainment places."
There should be a roapway system by which local deliveries should be done by transporting items in tram and dropping them at specific points then the owner can arrange to collect his items.
"Jet packs, if only one had a hydrogen fuel cell jet pack they could zip around in. Stop at any water fountain to fill it up."
"Public, foot-based transportation. Something like the automatic walkways in airports, but for long stretches of large cities, particularly between common high-traffic areas. It would probably be best if the walkways were raised, to avoid conflict with other ground traffic. It must also include access for the disabled, be easy enough for even tech-fearful users, and extremely safe (with monitored auto-shutoff where applicable)."
"I think a good idea will be to use electric cycles instead of a bike or a car in metros. They not only help in decreasing pollution as well as motivating people towards physical exercises.



A proper network of e cycles and connected to a main frame can be seen as a new transportation system emerging. Moreover this can also be used as a public transportation system by constructing cycle stands where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine."
"Transportation by shopping cart taxis. It's fun, it's cheap, and it'll certainly get the kids on board."
I think that we need a rail system for our city. Its a growing city with lost of bigger cities around it. A main rail system like a subway would make things much easier to get from place to place.
I'd love for some sort of shuttle system that worked at late hours between major points in town; it's impossible to get around after a certain time with the busses but there's still a lot of people here that need to get from one point to another at night.
"I think a method that would improve the transportation system would be to change how turn lanes are handled in America. Overseas, to turn left, you veer off to a lane on the right that comes to a stop so that you don't block traffic waiting to turn and then when it is clear, you drive across the street onto the road you were going to turn onto."
A bike path that is in place of all the roads. No cars will be allowed. There will be no worrying about being hit by a car when riding your bike.
"A well established public transport system, like subway, will ease the transportation problem. It will save energy and make fewer cars on the road."
"it would be neat to have a cab/uber like service for kids, to bring them to school on demand."
"A smart car golf cart hybrid, weight relieved and runs on veg oil or electricity. For short trips ie: school,mail box, corner store. Licenced for the road with a top speed of 45mph"
personal transportation one of the most discover
Segway automated rentals. Like the bike racks in large public cities. You put down a deposit with a credit card and when you return it you get most of the deposit back.
"flying scooters, whenever the rider can not find a place to ride, he can turn it into flying mode"
An air based transportation system built on smart drone technology.  The drone would need to be large enough and powerful enough o carry people and goods
a trolley would be pretty cool i would take that
Instead of having dedicated city buses that drive specific routes I would like to have dedicated city taxis that will pick you up on demand.
My idea involves the NYC subway; I think tunnels should be expanded to allow bicyclists a path alongside trains. I also believe there should be tighter restrictions on obtaining a driver's license to force more people into public transit. The public buses in my area do not run often enough because too many people have cars and don't use public transit.
"My neighborhood would have smaller and more energy efficient cars, somewhat similar to Car2go. Instead of cars on the road with only one or two passengers inside, the smaller and more energy efficient cars would satisfy consumer and environmental needs. The smaller car would include high tech navigation systems, smart phone chargers and wifi."
Segway rental stations placed all over the neighborhood.  Just rent out a segway for a given amount of time and return it to the nearest station when finished with use.  Segways are relatively low profile and can easily be used by most people.
"Apartment complexes that have segway type machines that can be rented out. You can use them to go to the nearby grocery stores, etc, and return after an hour or so."
Vacuum tube travel with a central hub in various outlying cities
This idea is about cable bus. Bus moving through cable in air. The cables are places all across the city in air. The bus moves across the cable without any traffic block. There will be stops.
"Chicago - Chicago has a great system and phenomenal public transport. As far as transportation though I wish the highways in the city acted like slotted cars, similar to trains in which in every highway entrance there would be a dedicated lane/railway for vehicles to travel at fast speeds like trains. This would reduce traffic and travel times."
"I would like to see a system of localized automated delivery. A system which is run as a utility for the town or city in which the focus is put on small businesses in the area. I think this could have hyper-local economic benefits, as it may help small businesses steal back sales from online marketplaces like Amazon. I see it being a motorized electric drone, that could use something like a bike lane to bring goods to local neighborhoods from small businesses in area.  it Could be coupled with a publicly run website for ordering and added revenues from ad placement on site and/or vehicles could help give money back to towns and cities."
"I live in West Philadelphia!  I'm not going to say I've never complained but we've got Septa and its very good. Green line Trolleys come every 4 to 10 minutes. It could be better if it was not so expensive, ran 24 hours a day, and the entire route was underground (instead of just the part through Penn campus) but generally the trolleys have always been there for me when I've needed them.  99% of the time I ride my bike and there isnt anything that can beat that.  Unless it never rained.  This weeks blizzard was fine, though it slowed me down a little but I dislike riding in the rain.  I also have a small motorcycle that I got with the intention of using the neighborhood and the rest of town but I found dont enjoy riding it in the city at all. I have no patience for sitting in traffic when I could be on a bike and moving.  The motorcycle has proven surprisingly good for long distance trips:  I take it central Florida, New Orleans, Chicago etc.  I hope to never again live in a place that requires a car and its massive drain of money and space."
"What if you have self-propelled vehicles (i.e., pedals like a bike) that provide protection against the elements (a roof made of canvass and plastic walls).  These could carry 4-6 people, and someone strong could volunteer to provide the pedal power each day."
I would enjoy having a limousine service in the neighborhood. That would be a safe and comfortable mode of transportation.
Imagine thousands of public bikes for you to use for short trips around town. Now imagine tens of thousands of people riding these bikes every day
Skijorking with a sled to carry items
public busses would help out my neighborhood a lot. it would help on emissions.
"In my neighborhood, there's not a lot of space, so I'd have to go with covered bikes of some sort, or one of those neat bike trollys. That would be a neat way to get around and exercise."
Solar powered golf carts. You could have stations kind of like bikes and check them out and return them.
"A driverless mini-coach will be the norm. Summoned through an ""uber"" type app, the responding vehicle will be selected based on pickup and destination points. All riders will be photoed and violators cited."
I can see a transport type system where someone steps on a pad and it transport them digitally over to where they want to go within a town. kinda like the thing they had in willy wonkas chocolate factory but without the death ray pointer thing it would be just a pad like a dance dance revolution pad.
"The suburbs are not currently served by the bus system. I believe that each suburb should get its own bus, which will take riders to a bus stop in the city. There, they may catch another bus or walk to their destination."
A electric scooter sharing program for getting around town without having to drive a car and use too much gas or take up too much space.
The second new type of teleportation that I can think of is a flying car. It would either have wings or a hover pad on it. It would be able to go to landing zones and be able to go to places faster than what is normally possible.
Driverless cars that talk to each other.
A lazy river that takes people to St. Charles so they can go to the french quarter.
"I want an elevated railway that preserves nature, resists going down during snow and bad weather, and reaches all areas of my city. It would be public transportation and have low-cost monthly passes. It would also run on renewable, clean energy."
A bicycle service for when you are not in a hurry.
"Automated cars that can come pick you up at the push of a button on android or apple devices, and directly from that device, you can pick from a map where you want to go. Submit your payment, and off you go!"
My idea is a car application that notifies you when you get in about the weather and road conditions.
self driving car pods that will pick you up and dro you off then move on somewhere else
"most of the people are going office by car . In rainy season if you go by car that is not problem.but scooter using people and children are affected by rain . for that if we fix wind resistant ,water resistant umbrella in the bike . In the handle bar that will be very useful for two wheelers .If we make that kind of vehicle that will become very successful .because of rain only most of the people will go by car . or else they will go by scooter. that will reduce the traffic jam."
A new transportation system in my neighborhood would be rentable bicycle stations! They would be scattered all over the city.  You would simply put change into a machine or swipe a credit card and a bike would unlock.  You could then use it to ride all over the city.  You could return it to any other rental rack.  The racks would also have hand sanitizers and wipes so you could wipe down the public bikes before using them.  This would greatly reduce gas and emissions in the city and people would get good exercise biking around!
transport
"Dedicated lanes for motorcycles and bicycles etc, block cars from most streets, encourage renewable energy sources. No tolls for motorcycles and bicycles."
We could have hover board paths that would allow people to go short distances without driving all the time. A path to the side of the road strictly for hoverboards or other electric devices used to get around.
I think it would be great to have razor scooter stations where you could rent a scooter for a certain amount of time and then check it back into a station when you are finished.  I imagine there would be stations all over the neighborhood so everyone could have access.
"A smartphone app similar to uber but for carpooling. Once it hits a predetermined amount of users needing a ride in a concentrated area, the app suggests grouping the users together and designates possible drivers to pick them up if users agree."
Scooter  is used very good technologies transport. But middle class people  is used  transport bicycle
"I live in a very hilly neighborhood. I suggest a funicular! A funicular is a railway built on a steep hill with tram cars for transport. Put it on one of the hills in the center of the neighborhood. People would be only a short walk (less than 10 minutes), hop on the funicular and it could take them to the church, the school and the neighborhood business district. Bam. No more worrying about going up and down the crazy hills, especially in the winter. Booyah!"
A system of mopeds that you leave at different stations and ride around on only paying to rent them
Imagine your favorite night spot looking like First Fridays in Uptownbikes everywhere
A community system that is managed electronically and requests cars any time of day. All cars are electric and will take you anywhere you want to go for a set charge and there are maintenance teams that come and clean cars during the day.
"Maybe like a smaller plane with easier landings and takeoffs so that small planes can work as long distance taxis. So, you can go up to 500 miles on this small plan in lower altitude faster and cheaper than on a commercial flight today. Maybe in the future they can even figure out how to have a large aircraft that is the size of a conference center and regulates pressure so you can walk around and hang out and travel at the same time."
"Handicapped taxi. Public transportation is awful in my area, so if you are in a wheelchair then you need an expensive handicapped van just to be able to get around. Some taxi wheelchair van options would be great for people who can't afford a $30,000 wheelchair van and might otherwise have a hard time getting around."
I believe that we should have personalized rail system fro our neighborhood. The whole nei8ghborhhod should have a few of them available to different destinations. When someone wants to go there they hit a button and it sends it to them.
"Horses, everybody has horses where I live, so why not use them for transportation as well!"
"My idea is a combination of self driving cars, rideshare and a train. Commuters would pay for a ticket and a line of connected self driving cars would take commuters going the same route/direction to a certain dropoff point, like a train does. Then when the string of cars reaches the stop point, each passenger can enter their desired destination into the touchpad screen in the car and they would be driven to their individual destinations. The self driving cars would break off individually from the train to take these passengers, then they'd return on their own to the ""train station"" to go pick up more passengers."
I feel the best is a transportation tunnel.  It should run around 150 miles per hour and provide food accommodations as well as sleeping areas!
A car that scans particular people before allowing it to run to prevent thieves.
A type of solar powered helicopter that picks people up and drops them off.
Service that allows you to call for a bus and the closest one will arrive at your location
"An electric powered non-track trolley that uses solar to charge batteries, It would be on tires and pulled by a highly efficient electric vehicle with a natural gas powered generator as back-up power. The open air passenger trailer would hold 10-20 people."
"I would like to see a bicycle highway.  It would go the length of regular highways, but be for bikes and pedestrians.  It should be wide enough for fast moving road cyclist, it should have passing lanes, and little road crossings.  There should be frequent on and off ramps.  There should also be many large parking areas.  Ideally it would even lead to public transportation areas with ample bike parking."
I would like to see rocket skates as a transportation method. They might need something to help people keep balance but they would be fun to use and practical for some peoples lifestyle.
I think that there should be some way that all the christmas trees at the end of the season could be recycled into some sort of useful wood.
"Bus passes can be used for bike passes also.  Take the bus as far as it goes, then  switch to a bike or scooter for rent."
This idea uses the sky!  A station or helipad is set up and an aircraft is used that utilizes wing and rotors. Basically a cheaper and a bit smaller helicopter.  This is ideal in my opinion as it is a vertical takeoff which takes far less space than a runway.
Use of earthbags for construction of houses should be a standard practice with standerdised engineering built in the program.
"A personal transport vehicle, perhaps shaped like a scooter or segway, that collapses and folds into a backpack with straps that retract."
Hoverboards for everyone - once the technology is figured out that is.
"I think a great idea for a transportation system would be a neighborhood or city that bans cars and uses all bikes to get around. This would really help the environment and people in this town would also be in really good shape. It would have to be a town that doesn't get very cold in the winter, like where I live, where people could use their bikes comfortably year round. Each bike would have to have a small basket though for people to carry their stuff."
"Larger Vehicles for apps like Uber that set up car pool for large amounts of people that are going to the same area. For example in Austin, Texas many people enjoy 6th straight but struggle to find parking. If apps like uber could set up their own busses or larger vehicles for transportation to places like 6th street or concerts/ sports arenas it would be much more efficient than a bus that makes regular stops."
I can see a series of tubes where people can step out of their house and dial in a destination and be delivered there instantaneous.  All travel will be tracked via a smartphone or implanted device.
"In the small community I live in, a rickshaw would be perfect."
Service that allows people to network and car pool
"I often thought that a sort of ski lift-type system would work well to carry people from my neighborhood to downtown.  You would board a continuously running chair on wire, and then would be transported to a downtown station riding on the chair over the city. Would take ten minutes max to board and 10-15 minutes to go downtown."
"transporter system!!! step in a booth, get transported (morphed, atomized, etc)"
A slow moving bench large system
"This might be only useful for some places, but it's better than none.  I think there should be a moving walkway for the most common areas of a town or city.  This way foot traffic can be consistent and the flow high.  Since it's fairly low speed there shouldn't be any injury issues and transferring is as easy as getting off the one walkway and on to another."
A system where you can pay a subscription cost of one flat rate per month that would then reduce all of their cab fees for the month.  For example you would pay $20 per month and have all cab bills for that month reduced by %50.
I have a transportational idea to use jet packs powered by biofuel.
"I would make a transportation system that is a bunch of highways that are up in the air specifically for trains or buses, this would allow people to still drive on the ground, or take public transportation up top.  It would be a monthly fee to use it and would help connect people to major big cities.  There would also be limited stops so it would be a lot faster"
"A central hub for a ridesharing service that provides cars for small groups to take to neighboring towns. I live in a rural area, a few minutes from a very small village. The nearest SMALL city is about 30 minutes away, and the nearest decent sized city is almost an hour away. A ridesharing service would make accessing these places much easier, and if the company provided the car (for a fee, of course), those without vehicles could be serviced."
"An uber-like system for public transit busses. Riders must request pick up 24 hours ahead of time, and the bus would come to their door or as close as it could to pick the rider up. The fare could be determined by how many riders requested pick up, and drop off to a central location (downtown). From there maybe there would be additional busses that go directly to drop off points rather than on a pre-set route."
"Small car pods that move on a wire.  They can be lifted 30 feet in the air, go very fast and be lowered at the site of the destination.  There can be 4 people to a personal pod."
A bicycle that can lock itself when the owner forgets to lock it.
"Make it safer for bicyclist to ride on the roads, more bike lanes is a MUST!"
Hoverboard.  The use of the hoverboards to get around.
"This idea is aimed to put a copter' in your garage! Imagine instead of opening your garage to a car, instead theres a small personal helicopter inside.  These small, one or two person max flying vehicles would be ideal for keeping roadways clear!"
"-a gondola system like at a ski resort

-it will be high speed and high capacity, holding up to 10 people per cart

-there will be ""Stations"" going from each major neighborhood center going towards major popular destinations like malls, restaurants, etc."
"An e-bike share.  Similar to regular bike share, but the bicycles have electric motors which aide in pedaling effciency and can be used to great effect in hillier cities.  Users pay a yearly fee, with day/hour rental available for tourists."
I imagine the future of transportation involves more public conveyance to ensure a smaller carbon footprint. Wouldn't it be great if there were ways to get from door to door without a lot of hassle. Maybe commuters shuttles incorporating a Uber model?
A system like Uber where people can collaborate and find others who have extra space in their car for a sort of taxi/carpool service.
Trolley line that goes up and down the hill I live so that residents can reach the shopping center more easily.
"The idea would be to setup bike swap stations. With the stations in place someone would take a bike and ride it to work or home. You would need to swap it each day at the station. To utilize these stations would you just pay a monthly fee, something affordable. With these in place it would incentivize everyone who cannot afford to pay  outright for a bike or fear what it would cost to fix them when they break. I know if I had an option like this I would take it. But along with this we would need better bike lanes. I can see with the proper funding from the city for bike paths this could really start rolling."
Automated driverless cars networked to navigate together and accept passengers via mobile applications
save fuel
A tube where we can fly to our destination
"Invest in personal helicopters, these would be like the size of a small above ground pool. They won't take up much space and they'll allow people to get around faster since they won't be stuck in traffic."
Maybe a service where high school students (age 16 and up) who have their license could opt to take an hour out of the school day to drive people around in the neighborhood (who need a ride) and the people would pay a discounted rate.
Charger cycle is best mode of vehicle.It suits for all kind of people.Even those who do not know the driving can use this vehicle.We can make remote for this vehicle.So we can park it wherever we want.The old people will  get more benefit.We can make separate roadways for  this kind of vehicle.So  lot of accidents  can be prevented.
A rail system that is build from the ground up. This would be capable of high speeds typically not able to travel when driving or on another train. This would make work transit much faster.
Something akin to a streetcar or trolley bus system could be very useful in my city.  It would have its own designated lane and be a useful public transportation alternative.
"I think a private school bus would be a great idea. Maybe it could be the size of a SUV and fit maybe 4 to 6 kids in it comfortable. Some kids are not able to take a bus to school so parents have to take public transportation every morning to drop them off. It could be like a Uber school bus sort of, each SUV bus will have certain school on their route that they can drop kids off at."
"This idea would have to be built in a city near a river, or attached to a solar farm because it relies on using naturally produced hydroelectric or solar power. Basically, it's a train on an electrified track, that moves slowly and stops at intervals in a big loop throughout a city. It would make stops the same way buses make stops. If you rode it long enough, you'd wind up at the same stop you got on at.  It relies completely on green energy, no exhaust just some electric motors driving the cars. People would be able to get on and just ride to where they needed to get off, leaving their personal vehicle in a parking area. It could be configured to have small, individual cars maybe fitted with a GPS system so you could tell it where you needed to go and it would get you as close as possible. The main idea is it would be free and the city could tax businesses a small amount for serving their parts of town, just to help pay maintenance costs."
"I would suggest public car rentals funded monthly, with constant access."
A cab system which optimizes fares by calculating the best way to get multiple people to their destination. It's like a bus but it doesn't follow a route.
"I would like to see a series of magnetically propelled tracks, run by GPS, that are installed underneath the ground. Using computer tracking technology and on board GPS, personal transportation devices could propel an individual to any location in an area with the magnetic tracks available, without the need for a driver or fuel. The transportation would't be as fast as a car, but other things could be done while in transport."
"Some sort of free bicycle rides.  It would work by having you use a credit card (so people cannot steal bicycles) as a deposit.   Here's how it would work.  You would walk/visit some sort of kiosk, swipe your card and it would unlock a bicycle from a rack.  You are then free to ride it.  You can then return it to the same kiosk, or perhaps to one further away/new destination and as long as you swipe the credit card again upon returning the bike -- it would clear your deposit.   If you don't return the bike within a reasonable amount of time (say 2 days or so), you could charge the person the price of the bike plus some penalty.   This method won't make much money if free, but you could also setup a rental type system.   Just imagine lots of kiosks around a city, with say 12 or so bikes are each one, and people could rent/ride as needed.  Like a Uhaul type service for bikes.   From a network perspective, I guess it would be like sending a packet to a new location downstream, and the returning of the bike would be the acknowledgment.    If you don't return the bike, it would charge your card aka ask for a retransmission of said packet.  That's all I have for now."
"A new transportation system in my neigborhood would consist of more bike lanes, pedestrian lanes, and an extensive carpool/ride sharing system. Being that I live in a more suburban area, I can see people being hesitant about using large mass transit systems. The ride sharing system would allows those who have cars to use them and help the community and make some money by giving rides when they were available, or if they so choose, as a primary job. The connection of bike lanes and ride-sharing would mean that almost anyone could get a ride at any given time."
Autonomous car transport to our desired destination.  You are able to pay and call a car with you cell phone.
"I would like a car that can maneuver around slow people and even change shape when theres little room to maneuver, so I can get to work on time!"
underground subway that extends to all major neighborhoods. It would be fast and convenient to use.
"City buses that actually go downtown and to the places that people need to go, instead of just around the edges of town. Also, have a fleet of bikes that people could rent for $1/hr to ride the distances downtown like some other cities."
"My neighbourhood transportation consists of share automation, which should be devolped more."
"It would replace everything: roads, sideways, buses, etc. It would be electric powered. Definitely automated. You should be able to transport to wherever you want to go without lifting a finger. Since it would replace sidewalks, you can simple stand on it and it would move you from one place to another, like a conveyor belt. It would be financed by monthly subscription, with VIP access for a higher price you can travel on the road with automatic cars that would operate in similar fashion."
A new transportation system for our neighborhood could be shared scooters.  The scooters would be open for all to use and stocked at locations around the neighborhood.  You could check them out and return them for less money than the cost of a scooter.
"A form of alternative transportation would be in the form of an SUV crossed with a 4wheeler. However, it would need to be affordable and able to be driven on main roads."
Ride sharing app that allows people to make a donation before they ride. That way even if it's a stranger you have a destination already in mind and it allows people to catch a ride for relatively cheap.
"I thought of a light rail and below-ground subway system could be transport people to and from a downtown arena we have here in metro Columbus, Ohio. Right now most people use cars and a few people use buses, but that's about it. Congestion could be decreased substantially provided people who normally commute by themselves to and from hockey games that take place two to three times a week. This would solve congestion issues on the nights where these games take place and reduce the need for a large amount of safety and security officers to direct traffic and play crowd control on weekends and Fridays."
"I think that we need to have a trolley system like they have in other cities. That can take use from the surrounding areas to downtown and the beach. Right now all we have is the Bus. Other cities have free shuttle buses and ours doesn't. So,if we can be like the surrounding cities it would be nice fo ronce."
"A trolley, or electric street car system."
A velodrome type system for bicycles.
A device that can tap into a person's brain that could stop addictions.
"The mode of transportation that I would imagine would be no different than an average city street. However, with the right conductors placed under the street the friction created by people's feet as they walked would supply supplemental power to the city. As such a person could get a ""walker"" designation that they could either receive some incentive for (pay or reduced taxes). This would get people more active and save the governemtn money and reduce environmental damage (through the waste of resources and nuclear power)."
"Ride sharing would be great, setting up a forum where people can connect with those who work in the business district would be very helpful to save gas, and time."
A high speed train/subway that links all the cities in the Detroit metro area.
There needs to be a washer that is also a dryer in one machine for those people limited on space
"When I traveled Asia they had trucks with benches in the back, they went around the same routes all and quickly picked up and dropped off people, similar to a bus but quicker and easier"
"A pod/train system that runs on the shoulder of roads. It would be more active than typical buses, and be more personal in that there can be no more than 4 passengers. It would run on a track or in the future it would would run with automatic sensing software and would drive itself."
An underground hi speed railway for fast transportation.
A hovering scooter with its own lane on the roads
We could really use a tram system!
Some type of underground or above-ground monorail system to help with the massive traffic problem in my area. With stations in key locations that are unobtrusive to the overall community.
I am thinking of something like a city bus system but for uber. Rather than having to go from stop to stop and hope people are there the bus system can be smarter and go to the most packed stops or to those who have been waiting the longest based upon when they clicked the app. It would be much more efficient.
A sidewalk peoplemover based system that could run parallel to the road or existing sidewalk.
Every car would be able to hover or fly. Every car that runs off gasoline will be rare to find and all the cars have a feature that are able to drive themselves. Even motorcycles will be something that you find in a museum.
self standing bicycle so it won't fall over when ridden or parked
More bike routes around the city for better and eco-friendly travel.
A bike with jet packs
If we had taxis in our neighborhood had a rewards card program where you can earn free rides.
"Cars available for rent.  When returned, scooters available for rent.  When  returned, they can be exchanged for bicycles for rent."
I think that there should be a way to get bugs off a windshield without harming the paint job on a car.  It should be a spray while you are driving much like windshield wiper fluid
A type of uber service that transports more than a car of people.
Underground tunnels which use a vacuum to send mail to the post office and pushes air to send mail to customers.
A horse drawn carriage would be nice
Pneumatic tubes - just like at the drive through at the bank; people step into a tube and then are whisked away to their destination.
A crowdfunding site that tries to solve mini societal problems. It's like a non-government organization but this tries to solve mini problems such as buying a net for a local basketball court or a reforestation project.
Bicycle Taxi's=Would help older citizens to get to local church or store at the corner or local diner.
"Our Common Future,computer Cellphone, for  bicycling, walking, taking transit and just for enjoying ."
"Using autonomous cars/vehicles as taxis that you can rent and have escort you anywhere you would like to go in your area. Cars will be equipped with GPS so customers can log where their destinations, etc."
"A system of neighborhood drivers who form a cooperative and use their own vehicles to provide transportation services. We live in a community of 1875 people in a rural area, it may not be practical, but it is doable."
"I would like something that would utilize apps like Lyft and Uber to connect with the existing commuting infrastructure, like the MARC train."
"A network of self driving cars that are owned by the community. When you need one, you just summon one like Uber."
"I'd like to see a subway that has assigned seating.  It'd be nice that you could preorder a seat on the subway for a nominal fee - that seat is yours 100% of the time.   You never have to worry about it being taken.  Other than that, it remains completely the same..just reserved seats."
Airways - It is the most convenient and fastest mode of transport during natural calamities.
I live in an area where horses are abundant. It would be a trip if everyone started using their horse instead of a car or motorcycle.
I would like for there to be a trolley/tram system through main street in my town. Main street goes straight through Beaver Dam and Hartford and passes by all the important stores/stops.
"I think there should be ""speed walking"" lanes set up.  Separate from where pedestrians walk and separate from bike trails.  I would love it if there were ""fast lanes"" around the strip malls and commercial areas of my city.  I tend to speed walk and get so frustrated with trying to dart and dodge around people.  It can almost be like an HOV lane for pedestrians for people who need to walk brisker and faster and get somewhere.  Even slow jogs or panicked gallops would be allowed!  When it's really crowded and busy on the streets, I always feel like a pinball ball.  I think having a dedicated lane to faster walkers or a ""passing lane"" would really help with the flow of pedestrian traffic and its effectiveness."
"The first future transportation system that I can imagine in my neighborhood would be some sort of instant teleportation. It would require a pad on the floor or something and some advanced tech, but I think it would be possible to transport oneself from one teleporter to another in the future."
"Mobile app to reserve taxi pickups and pay/tip with cc, partner with cab companies"
A system of fast moving conveyor belts that help move people quickly instead of walking and driving short distances.
Teleportation blocks that as you take a step move you from block to another allowing you to teleport where you need to by walking only a few feet.
A self-driving car that would pick you up and deliver you to your destination and then drive away.  It would be like Uber but with a computer navigating and it would stay in town or a small area to ensure fast pickup and delivery for everyone.  It could help older people go to the store and get groceries or save on gas/carbon emissions.
teleportation device that can safely transmit matter from one place to another.
A new bus route that could go through my town. It would have a different route than the buses we currently have.
"A human tube system, similar to televison shows like Futurama, and already in use by banks, albeit for parcels and not people. If we installed vacuum tubes that led to a multitude of central destinations, we could develop a toll system alongside it. Using air pressure would cut out emissions immensely, and would be relatively fast, allowing for faster travel times than traditional modes of transportation. However, the difficulty would come from utilizing the system in such a way that remained safe for all those involved, perhaps through making use of a stop and go turbine system, that worked similarly to a stop light. A smart air restriction system would allow for one way travel, and then a short delay, followed by travel in the other direction."
"Having some sort of electric train that runs underground, just like the subway system in New York. The city that I currently live in doesn't have that option so having some sort of underground transportation system that runs all around the city constantly would make commuting much better for everyone."
A subway system where you sit in a seat that attaches to a rail as soon as you are seated. You are then transported to your destination. This removes the need to wait for trains like a regular subway.
Perhaps a system where you can rent out bicycles or motorbikes to get to where you need to go. You could hold a lot of them in one area and make it easy to check out the bike and then return it later. It would help getting around for people who can't afford a car service to take them around the city but also for people who prefer to be health conscious and also want to save money by biking around the city.
"a small size car , it might fit only for one person as motorcycle but it's closed like cars"
"I would love to have a light rail system, not in my neighborhood (it can drive down house prices), but just outside of my community. We wouldn't have to be on congested highways or take back roads to get to malls, shopping, etc."
"underground railroad that can connect all of the major suburbs to the major cities

make it so that it only runs for high traffic times within the week

monthly price"
i prefer low MPG vehicles
Combine exercise with travel. Make a job that involves carrying people to their destination. This will give one person a workout while simultaneously reducing smog and traffic.
"A Bus system, within the metro area that was funded by a tax on gas purchased by individual commuters. In otherwords, free to the people who use the bus, and costs the people who don't. have the busses rinning from a set time like 6am to 9 pm  and pickups are every 15 min, so you never need to bother with knowing the bus schedule. Also, have all busses make a stop in the center of town so if you need to get across town, take a bus from you house to the center, and from there to your final destination. There should be a bus passing every school, hospital, shopping center, library ect. Simply run smaller buses on less popular routes, use smaller buses in general. make one special route for city to city transfers. The system needs to be free or very affordable, fast and convenient. No need to waste resources and infrastructure on schedules, call centers, web pages, just keep it simple and convenient."
Running
"I would like to see mini fast moving futurist either above cars that move above or below traffic.  This would be almost a subway style but in 4-5 person vehicles.  There could be a nominal fee such as $5 per a trip no matter how many people were in it.  They would go to popular areas such as the center of town. Wal-Mart, or the DMV.  Since they are small, and independent of traffic it could be solar powered."
segways at same rental price as bus fare.  I have a broken toe and bad knee and it is hard sometimes to walk all the way to bus stops if they are far.
A moving sidewalk outside main street.
think it will be self driving cars aka taxis coming soon. really when apple says they are working on a self driving car
In future may happens not to get petrols or diesel. So humans may changed and adopted for bicycle may possible for short travelling. For long travelling Bulllet trains are come with all major cities in near future.
Solar panels that are transparent and also mirrored to reflect light to other nodes that take in energy.
"This form of transportation would be a very high capacity electrical vehicle. By high capacity, I mean an electric car that has many seats. It would look like a limo. It could hold 17 people at a time and would pick them up from house to house. The service would be like a mixture of what Uber does and a carpool service."
Motor skating-By fitting a motor in skating and we can use it easily to go from one place to other
"Have scooters that people can rent, this would reduce pollution and traffic."
personal transportation
The van cars can be used as a means of transport for dropping people at scheduled times just like buses. They will have limited stops to minimize wait time and people using cars for nearby locations can use it instead of using cars personally or waiting for bus at bus stops which go stopping at all the bus stops.
"Interactive bus schedule app. You pick the starting destination and ending point, plus leave time and it will tell you what time the bus comes to that point, what the ETA and travel schedule is. Also would give a total cost for the trip. I live in a neighboring county and the small bus hooks up with the city bus, but I have no idea what time the bus comes to the bus stop by my house, nor how I would transfer to the bus that takes me to work."
"I would like to see a People Mover connecting Trenton, Southgate, Taylor and Wyandotte. There seems to be a lot of people walking down streets such as Trenton and Eureka, and especially so in the winter. I can envision a rail system supported by local tax dollars very similar to the one to the north in Detroit. People around here are constantly complaining about weather conditions and global warming and I think my method could bring a lot of people together and solve a lot of the commuting problems around here. There are just so many cars and it seems there is an average of just 1.5 people per vehicle. It is rather said. I really would want to push toward the people mover rail systems."
I would like to see a cable car that runs across the city.  It would take people across the busy streets.  It would be convenient for office workers. It would cut down on traffic in the downtown area.
A new transportation system.... Self driving cars/ trolleys (absolutely no tracks or special lanes for the trolley just self driving)
Being an extensive cable car system
"flying transportation system will be very famous in future for example flying car, flying scatter board bike and so"
A sun powered scooter
"A fare based system would allow heavy car users to pay more and light ones to pay less for gas, tolls, etc.  Their car will have a gps tracker to see where and when they go (downtown, rush hour, etc.)  This will help the people who don't need to drive as much and tax the ones that are always on the road."
A segway that is programmed for certain routes.
Autonomous  vehicles that drive themselves on a smart transportation grid.  Need to go somewhere call for a vehicle tyo pick you up. Most local transport can be done without a personal car.
"It would be a super fast train system. It would be so fast that my husband could get to his job, which is ten miles away in 5 minutes. It would be super popular and efficient. Everyone from business people to house wifes would want to use it."
Consumer-grade focused network hard drives -- something that is as easy to set up and use as modern phones.
"Transportation would not be about getting the general population from home to work and back. It would be about moving goods and services to people directly.

This will require drone technologiy so that road infrastructure could be used to get bulk items from one place to another more efficiently and faster. Public transportation should be the rule."
"I would imagine a combination of Uber and self-driving cars. I can imagine a world where I don't own a car. Instead, I click a button on an app on my phone, and an automated car shows up shortly after, taking me wherever I need to go."
Helicopter based taxi that can be taken anywhere.  The roof tops will now be loading and unloading areas and it will free up car congestion.
Closing off the downtown to cars would be amazing. The city could pay bike riders to tow carts that would pull around people!
Autonomous vehicles will take over 75% of the local traffic. Autonomous public transport will handle the inter-city traffic.
"Have car sharing at hot-spot sites, with a linked an app that simulates when cars are free."
I imagine a hot air balloon attached to cables that direct it at a low altitude to various stops. people get can out on platforms that they bring you to the ground with elevators.
"Our future transportation will be in the form of spacecraft transporting to and from space pods. We may have our homes as they are now, but we will also have pods in space to use."
A bus that runs on water
Underground walking tunnels (some colleges in cold climates have this) you can bike ride in them too.
"Zip car! People could register their cars as ""shared"" cars and people could borrow them as needed for a small amount of compensation."
"Something akin to a PeopleMover, which can be installed parallel to sidewalks or other right of way areas throughout major areas of our neighborhood."
A pneumatic tube system similar to the mail slots in old skyscrapers. A person can just step in to a tube and be propelled to their chosen destination.
"This system would be made up of a continuous stream of drivers of small vehicles.  The vehicles might be three-wheelers or some other form of small, motorized vehicles.  Besides the driver, the vehicles would only have space for two other occupants.  The vehicles would continue on the same busy stretch of road.  In other words, they would be on a fixed path.  Also, there would be a large number of these vehicles, a constant stream, so the passenger would never have to wait longer than a minute or two.  The passengers would have prepaid for the service, so there would be no need to exchange money with the driver."
Moving Sidewalks
"This is about car pooling. As our residences are located far away from our work place, we, in our neighborhood have passed a resolution that to share our sitting in our cars (each a day in a week) to reduce pollution, save money, etc. and it works good too. :-)"
The neighborhood needs a rail system that runs adjacent to the highway. This would go from major city to major city with the same stops as for those that drive.
"A new transportation system would be a large electric powered bus. It would not run on gasoline but on electricity. It would pick people up from stops and drop them off for a fee. It would also go into smaller developments to pick people up like an Uber would, but more environmentally friendly."
There would be a pay-to-use bicycle system similar to the Citi bicycles in New York City. It would allow people to exercise while getting to their location quickly. It would also relieve traffic congestion.
A series of tubes like in the TV show Futurama.
"To help cover a lot of area of a city, the could be a central hub where all the trains, busses, etc start.  Then from that one spot, all the route lines shoot out, like a star.  That way all the people can be at one spot and make it to where they want to go easily since there are no transfers or any other confusing things."
In dense urban areas have a series of high tension wires between buildings. Have a  mechanized seat something like a zipline  that people would ride on. This would need a seatbelt or maybe an enclosed capsule for safety but the idea is making the seat as compact as possible .
Having a neighborhood run community bus system. It would be exclusively a bus for people in the neighborhood to travel short distances.
"It would be a multi-seat, eco-friendly chain bicycle that could accommodate many people and the more people seated on it, the faster it would go. It would kind of be like a multi-row trolley or if you attached three trollies back-to-back. It would all be powered by pedals and the people in the front would steer it. Just a larger capacity trolley bicycle."
"I think high-speed tube travel would be great in my city. The tubes could be a system of plastic or rubber tubes that were buried underground. There would be a lot of tube stations downtown, but they would branch off to the outer city and suburbs. These tubes would have pods in them that were propelled by high-pressured air. The pods could be designed to carry one or two people each, and would be shot through the tubes for quick travel to your destination."
A monorail system to transport to downtown and around the area easier.
using Biogas as fuel are also good innovative thing which makes goood transportation system .
Jet pack it is a good idea one can wear a bag which consist of tank of fuel which can make him to fly from one point to another.
Transport which is used to give automatic tickets to people.
"My idea would be to use a moving belt (like used in airport terminals) instead of sidewalks to get around my neighborhood. I live is a small town (population about 500), so it would encourage people to drive less to get to destinations that are close to their homes."
A system with bike racks so people can rent bikes and ride around would be nice. There can be multiple areas to be rented from.
In my neighborhood I think the best type of transportation system would be an elevated railway like a tram at disney world it would make commuting between neighboring cities far easier and the technology would make commutes more timely.
"A group carpooling smartphone app that allows people in apartment complexes or housing areas to visualize a profile of others in the area that are traveling to a nearby destination. Participants can communicate over the app, and background check and everything is done before being certified to use the service. People can post looking for ride notes, or say that they are traveling to a specific area and looking for passengers to ride in order to split costs."
Teleportation where you go into a device like an elevator and then type in to a computer where you want to go.
"I could imagine single rider tram cars. The cars would be tethered to cables above the streets. Something akin to ski lift carriage, but completely enclosed in glass. Advantage would be thy could run off electric current and would reduce ground street traffic"
Its new blacktop in a grid system.
Underground hypersonic tube that runs on elevated magnets.
I live in las vegas and I think that the tram should go from the airport to the strip and all the way down to fremont street.
"I would like a golf cart system that could get the kids to school on the paths, kind of like a bus system but on a much smaller scale."
I would like to see a rail system for mass transportation in my city and across the united states. Countries like europe have bullet trains that hover on magnets and go very fast. We need something like that in the united states
All cities connected with Train Network. It is the very comfortable transportation system for all humans.
I imagine that instead of transporting with cars we could turn all the roads in our neighborhood into rivers and use boats to get to places.
I would set up a monorail system that started at all developments and went to all the stores in the area.  The monorail would always be moving at certain intervals with no delays.
Uberbus. Uber hiring for large amounts of people to be transported.
The scooter actually would be a good alternative form of transportation in my neighbourhood.  It is a small community and using the scooter would be a good second choice.
"Hoverboard/Segway share: have stations located around the neighborhood where a hoverboard or a segway can be left to charge and then someone else can use it, leaving it at another station for someone else to use."
"It would have to be an above ground system, light rail or the likes"
There will be a set of water slides that link the houses in my gated community.  They will have propelled sections that you control with a lever attached to your slide so you can visit neighbors without driving.  They will be enclosed for bad weather.
very important in our life.
"This is a transportation system that delivers food directly to people's houses. It exists in a large city and people will use an App on their phones to get food delivered to their house. They can enter the restaurant, find out what they want, and someone will deliver the food item by any mean they choose whether it be car or bicycle or walking. The app will also store people's favorite orders at their restaurants so they don't have to think about what to order."
"Huge people can carry smaller people ""piggy back"" style to their destinations.  My town is small so it wouldn't be very long."
"I think that small, electric golf carts that charge at a solar station would be perfect for my neighborhood. They would be using completely renewable energy, and could be driven for relatively long distances within the neighborhood without dying."
"My neighborhood added an above ground train similar to the ""L"" in Chicago.  It runs along the highways bringing people downtown from the suburbs.  It does a few loops downtown and runs near the major companies to get people to work.  It is much cheaper and more convenient than driving downtown and parking."
"It would be a railway but instead of a train, it has small, separate cars that only fit one individual for their own convenience and comfort. The car would be a tall, rectangular box shape with a seat, kind of like a car seat inside."
"Moving sidewalks. If we put in moving sidewalks similar to what is found in airports, I think many people would be willing to travel by foot."
"Rent a scooter with offices around key areas so you can return or borrow from there. It will only work for going around one's own neighborhood, though, since most of the places you can go to from here, you will need to pass by highways. And two wheeled vehicles are not safe to pass by those big roads."
"I would like to see a transportation system that can be used for professional reasons, or personal, but not both."
The future transportation system in my neighborhood would possibly incorporate traffic light systems that would detect the amount of traffic and flow to better keep traffic moving and prevent long lines and wait times at intersections therefor reducing trip times and automobile emissions.
"New idea, trains that fly.  This would combine two existing means of transportation into one futuristic flight fantasy! A train would travel as usual and then be picked up by a plane.  This way a train car could travel faster and then be dropped back off on its final stop by the plane."
"A hover car - basically, a hover board but with much greater speed capacity and having a housing or shell around it for instruments and protection.  It would be something like the landspeeders from the Star Wars movies, except more realistic because it's based on the same principles as the hover board."
Uber-like service that has small personal celf-drive cars that are shared by the community. App interface to request a car and specify whether you are willing to share you car with a small number of other people
floating pods like in the jetsons but they're automated and pick you up and drop you off on your command.
one of the most innovative thing
"Segways everywhere, that you can rent and park at multiple stations. Sort of like how some places do this with bicycles, but with some kind of GPS thing that would make it useless outside a certain radius, to avoid theft. Also make them trackable, in case someone decides to try to take one home to disable that GPS chip."
A circular bicycle that everyone pedals together.
there are no trains in my city
"My idea is matter transportation.  A portal in every home, or at least in every neighborhood.  Science fiction?...true, but I think it will be done some day."
"I would like for a train to be in my neighborhood.   IT would go right down the sides of our main streets.   There is a train currently, but you have to drive far to it.   There should be more trains, not just one or two."
A subway could be useful in my neighbourhood.  The roads are very congested and it would be a solution for quicker commutes.
"ROAD WAYS - CAR TRANSPORT IS BEST FREE FROM POLLUTION AND ACCIDENTS 

http://postimg.org/image/kihkw2291/"
use self-driving cars to get to different parts of the city
Have a system of moving sidewalks that has chairs (with seatbelt for safety) mounted to it. People can just sit down and be transported quickly throughout the city.
In my neighborhood i imagine a trolley on solar powered magnetic train tracks. This keeps the trolley moving at all times but keeps anyone from getting hurt like children.
a great discover for human
"a subway type system that would have personal cars for people.  after typing in your destination, the car you were in would choose the quickest route within the city system of tracks permitted to get you to your destination. futuristic."
A bicycle-only highway.
Trains! We have freight trains that go in and out of the city but no actual passenger trains. This is ridiculous and could make long distance travel far easier and cheaper. Throw a few passenger trains on the line and get the cars off of I-4!
"I have no problem visualizing a new mode of transportation in my neighborhood. Years ago coal trains ran behind my house and the old gully is still there where the tracks were. Would love to see them back again, but it will never happen."
Shopper's express using green technology that only operates on the main state highway--like a trolley.
"There should be a completely separate bike lane that runs throughout the city, and is plowed even during the winter.  Currently the biking situation isn't too bad, but there are areas where it is hard to feel safe with cars passing by too closely.  During the winter, it is impossible to bike due to snow in the bike lanes"
I think it would be really intriguing to have a bus with personal rooms. These buses would be useful for traveling long distances.
"A moving sidewalk - like the ones you would see in an airport to help expedite movement between terminals.  Around my area there are a lot of close shops, so people could walk, but getting loads of bags home would be difficult.  Having mechanical walkways would enable people to do their shopping but reduce their need to use cars, and at the same time set all their bags down so they don't have to figure out how to lug them home, especially if they've purchased something heavy.  It could also allow people to get where they need to go faster, if they continue to walk along the moving sidewalk.  They could sit alongside regular sidewalks, so people who still wanted to go out for a walk and get some fresh air could do so.  The mechanical/moving sidewalks would be made out of metal, look like a flat escalator, have hand railings, and each side of the road would have a sidewalk that goes the same way as traffic."
I would like to see jetpacks so people can go long distances in a short amount of time without relatively much traffic. The cost would hopefully be relatively cheap as well once they were mass produced.
"autonomous three wheeled mini vehicles on demand. You log onto your account from your computer, select your departure time and draw your route. A vehicle is dispatched to you immediately, you just need to go outside, get in, and it will take you wherever according to your pre-programmed route."
How about a lift service through the air.
"Include a walking/biking outlook (temperature, weather, wind, ozone) for the local newscasters to encourage walking/biking to work, errands, etc."
I would like to see a solar powered train system
there will be driver-less cars and a lite rail system. There will still be some (free) bus transportation to fill in the gaps and help negate the need for new roads
"Where I live live there aren't very many ways to get around. You can walk, ride a bike or drive some sort of vehicle. Our town is really small so there are no trains or trollys. We have one single taxi for a taxi service."
"The neighborhood I live in has alley ways behind our properties. So when getting kids to school in our town, we could have some sort of trolley or train-like vehicle that could go up and down the alleys picking up the kids. This would be quick and efficient and the kids would want to go to school because it would be fun and exciting."
"My neighborhood currently has no bike lanes, so I would imagine a system with renewable transportation integrated into the layout. Spaces for bikes, electric car re-charging stations, etc."
I would like a teleporting system that can instantly take you from place to place
An underground walkway would be useful in my neighbourhood because you would not need to stop traffic to cross the street.
"I think it would be nice to have enclosed jetpacks to commute with.  You would be inside a climate controlled bubble, but would be able to fly above the ground and vehicle traffic and go to work.  I dream about this sometimes when I'm stuck in traffic."
Hovering cars.
Rentable bicycles.  Two or three locations where individuals can rent and return bicycles for a small fee.  The locations probably don't even need someone to watched the bikes if there is some kind of gps locater built in and a cash/credit operated locking mechanism.
Tubes that fly you around really fast like. It would be free and you could feel air wishing by you.
Automated driverless car systems - eliminate car ownership and use a network of public self-driving cars to travel
"Instead of a gym, people looking to lose weight could lease pedi-cabs and offer rides similar to Uber."
"I live in an area where there are a lot of senior citizens so driving can sometimes be scary, and I think this city would greatly benefit from public transportation. However, I think something that would benefit the environment would be the most helpful, so I think pushcarts would be a lot of fun, or even horse drawn carriages. Not only would these be better for the environment, but I think the older people would appreciate the old-fashioned nature of such public transport systems."
"I'd like to see a Segway-type transporter that the driver steps into a capsule and navigates to their destination. This would require standing, so people would use it for short trips or if seated, perhaps could hold two people."
"Using electrics cars as the main source of transportation. By using renewable energy as a way to recharge the cars, we would dramatically change the way we use energy for the better."
Bike or scooter sharing for each block. Each neighbor would contribute a monthly fee.
In my neighborhood it would be like a monorail system. Something that you could get on at one stop and take it to another are you would want to go. Connecting locations you would visit.
"Personal transport is very important. childrens go to school.

 Motorcycle/ Scooter is very useful."
Bike taxies -- hook up a carriage to a bike and charge people for short-distance rides
"The future of transport in my city is likely a self driving car service system. There will be kiosks with cars waiting and you simply go into the car, put your destination into a computer and pay. It is as simple as that. The self driving cars will know how to avoid traffic and accidents and will automatically take the shortest and most sensible route to any destination. The self driving car will allow for multiple passengers and the cars will vary in size."
automated taxi service. driver-less car
maybe a flying car to avoid traffic
self driving pod cars you can hail easily
Adding Hoverboard and segway lanes so pedestrians no longer have to fear being run over on the sidewalk.
a lazy river in the summer would be a fun way to get around
My idea is a bicycle that has a solar panel covered frame so that when you are riding it the energy that comes into the solar panels is stored in a battery that you can use to power your phones or other electronics. The battery is also easily transportable so that you can take it with you into your office/home to power other electronics inside as well.
The terrain where I live can make public transportation hard to develop. It is very hilly. There is a main highway/route that runs straight enough that a rail system could work. It would be good to get people to the more populated section that could then hook up easily with other modes of public transportation (which do not exist right now but it could be done). It would not be high speed as there would need to be several stops along the way. It could be done with an electric source that would not be harmful for pollution.
Future transportation in my neighborhood would be by air. Cars will travel in the air and park on top of roof buildings. Gas would not cost that much and it will be less crowed on the streets.
People Visiting Daily for Transporting Cars.
A van with movies while you ride to your destination.
Stalls that allow people to rent and drop off bicycles so they can get around the city without wasting gas and causing pollution. Implant GPS devices inside the bikes so they can't be stolen.
"I would love to see heated sidewalks, so that everyone can walk safely in downtown Pittsburgh safely."
helicopter rides when lots of traffic
Best places to go in short distances
Self-driving Uber cabs.
"I want a large, underground series of tunnels that offer a combination of walking paths, bike paths, and people movers so that people can easily move around the city during winter. As this would have a large number of entrances and exists, it would be more flexible (and cheaper) than the subway."
"I wish my city had rental bicycles placed around the city, where I could insert a card and it would temporarily charge my card $15, then when I return that bicycle, I get a $10 credit. That way, I spend $5 to rent the bicycle, but in case I don't return it or I return it damaged, I've paid $15 towards it."
"A specific lane in which you have to pay money to use.  It could be like 30-40 a month, there is a microchip in the car that can tell if you don't belong there, and it alerts the police.  This lane money could go to taxes/education and the like.  The lane is only restricted to paying customers during regular work hours.   Any other time it's not policed, and anyone can use it."
"Get some large vans and people who are going to the same general area to work can all ride together.  They take turns driving.  It'll be like kids' school buses but for adults.  It'll save money and help bond co-workers together.  There will be enough room for a lot of people so the chances of an incident are slim.  It'll also help when it's bad weather because some people are afraid to drive in it and this would ease some of that stress.  Plus, they could all share in the maintenance and gas for the bus/car so that could save them a lot of money."
A company that picks you up in a car of your choice.
I propose an idea that would rely on strong wire much like telephone wire that would be used to support a small train carriage like car or pod.  I see this as being better than a railway as it would be not as expensive to implement.
Uber bus.
"Not just in my neighborhood but metro-wide, my city recently established time share bicycles people can rent and ride when they have a short distance to travel. The bikes are all of the same design, having a large sturdy frame painted light blue, three gears (the gear box is inside the rear wheel axle, and LED blinker lights for safety. Necessarily, it's a one-size-fits-all arrangement; there's no way to raise or lower the seat unless you carry your own tools around with you, so if you're a tall person and use one of these bikes you'll be knocking yourself in the chin with your knees."
"Hoverboard rental. You order, somebody brings one to your house, and you can use it as a low-emissions (and fun!) way to run nearby errands. And if it catches on fire, it's not yours anyway!"
a subway train that becomes a plane
"There needs to be a system, where tests must be conducted before someone can engage in a vehicle. For example, these tests might include a breathanalyzer or a sleep test. These tests will dramatically reduce the number of deaths by preventing accidents."
"Our society's population is expanding at a rapid rate. The typical modern day modes of transportation, while convenient, have a few downsides.  Every mean of transportation, with the exception of walking, has costs that come with it.  This ranges from having to pay for the cost of gas to paying the physical price of not getting the proper amount of exercise our bodies where meant to have via walking to our destinations. There is one option that could solve these issues.  Imagine a small grass field, similar to the ones you find at playgrounds, with a small parking lot.  Within this parking lot would be a couple of electric powered cars attached to power stations. These setups would be available every few blocks (about as frequent as modern bus-stops). Within the field beside the cars stations would be stationary work out equipment. These would be modeled after the free-to-use exercise stations in places like China. They would have equipment such as: bench presses, ellipticals, bikes, etc.  All of these would be wired underground to the charging station attached to the cars. The energy created from the movement of each device will directly charge the cars in the station.  Off to the side of each piece of equipment would be a touchscreen. A person can set up an account at their local government buildings, providing a valid driver's license,e-mail address, and credit or debit card number. When signed in, each account can track how much a person exercised and convert it to an 'available miles for usage' number.  This means that the more a person uses this equipment, creating more energy for the cars, the more miles the person would be allowed to use the car for.  This however also means, that prior to using the car they would have to deduct the amount of miles they plan to use from their account.  If the person should go over their allotted miles, they will then be subsequently charged on their provided credit card.  This encourages people to work-out more at these stations, so they can avoid the fees for using the car. This set-up would immensely help those who financially can't afford their own form of transportation, while promoting a healthier lifestyle in a way that could easily fit into our society's demanding everyday regime."
"COSTLY CAR FOR RIDE,GOOD LOOKING MOTOR CYCLE,FULLY SECURED PUBLIC BUSES,FAST ELECTRICAL TRAINS,GOOD LOOKING BICYCLES"
peer to peer sharing of vehicles within a neighborhood. there is accountability with keeping the vehicles clean since it is shared within a community.
"A series of small, 2-seater autonomous electric vehicles designed to transport people, on call, to the regular bus routes that already run.  Think of them as the vehicular solution to the 'last mile problem'. This would allow people to completely dispose of their cars, while allowing people with little mobility to utilize the bus system.  Because the autonomous system is limited to the neighborhood -- i.e. roads where the speed limit is, at a maximum, 25 mph -- the vehicles can be pretty lightweight, since they won't have to deal with the problem of high-speed crashes.  Being autonomous, the vehicles can be used by *anyone* of any age. Because they are electrically powered, they place no additional hydrocarbons in the atmosphere.  Because they are in the neighborhoods, they place the bus system within everyone's reach.  Because everyone can use them, day or night, the number of cars on the road can be reduced substantially, thus reducing the hydrocarbon emission problem considerably.  Reducing the number of cars on the roadways make *every* neighborhood 'walkable': the dream of urban planners everywhere. The vehicles could be assembled and maintained locally, therefore  providing local employment. Funding could come out of already-existing local transportation millages: reducing local pollution rates would increase local property values. A small investment in this innovative solution could result in a large increase of the quality of life for everyone!"
There are two different modes of transportation within my city. The first one is a car. They usually have four doors on the left and right sides of them that open outwardly. There are four wheels and windows towards the top of the vehicle for viewing. The steering gear is located in the front seat on the left hand side and is controlled by the driver.
"I envision a new transportation system where we use old school busses to transport people to work.  The busses should be turned into green vehicles electric, hybrid or the like."
"I think for small towns like mine (20,000) we should have a cross between a trolley and a hoverboard. If we took small platforms (about the size of the floor of a train car) and set them up with superconductors to allow levitation, the platforms could move along on enclosed rails and move slowly enough that people can hop on and off at platforms with no danger. The entire system could be above street level. The speed would be about 5 mph with platforms every block."
"I would love a peer to peer internet service provider which relied on a mesh of all the subscribers own wireless and wired networks.  Everyone in the town could pay a tiny fee, buy some network equipment, and have internet for life.  Many different commercial service providers could be multiplexed and redundancy would be enormous.  If any of the local service providers were down, you wouldnt even know it because of the mesh of users with other providers, locations(which might be unaffected by outages), and mediums.  Cell phones could also share data and bolster the redundancy in disasters.



(this response describes a method for transport of data and allocation of network bandwidth.)  

(""You can look at in from different perspective eg. Network/ Personal transport/ Technologies etc"")



If i misunderstood the meaning of ""look at in from different perspective eg, Network/Per.........""  please contact me as soon as possible and i can produce a new idea."
"Solar powered GPS driverless pods that run routes like buses would, at set times, and set travel locations. The most traveled destinations can have more pods transporting people at peak times to cut down on environmental impact. All networked together and they can be re-routed to higher impact areas when more people need transportation."
"An innovative transportation system in my neighborhood would be piggy-back rides.  It would be not only helpful to young and old alike, but a great strengthening exercise.  It's a small community where carrying people down the street to the library or up the street to the hospital would be an excellent way to build inner personal relationships between neighbors."
We should have an underground subway system. For a city as large as the one I live in it would make sense. It would be faster for everyone and clear the roads of buses that clog up traffic during rush hour.
bicycle rickshaw
"There are many back roads and residential routes around my neighborhood, so speed isn't as much of an issue to keep pace with traffic. I'd imagine a fleet of scooters that could be rented cheaply and easily could help residents get around town without much issue."
"We currently have a PRT system, which is basically electric cars running on a raised track. They are cheap, not many jobs are required to operate it (relative to busses and the like) but those that do operate it, pay pretty well. 



I would like to see something like this, but on ground level. Instead of having busses stop every hour, we could have cars automatically drive to the designated stop that would be flagged by a button (when you pay your fair or something) and could transport 1-10 people or so quickly. There could be a quick turnaround and it could be planned to stop at any of the major spots around the town, giving quick and easy access without the need for cars (also reducing pollution) 



The area it covers and it being electric gives a lot of opportunity for solar power as well, which would reduce the carbon footprint."
our city is metro .population is a big problem there and traffic too .large no of people use public transport like trains and buses but also use scooter in large nos as its easy to go to places when there is lot of traffic on rads to avoid jams.
A flexible public transport system that shuttles students from my neighborhood to the school
I'd like to see some sort of autonomous shared fleet of cars that are fueled in some sort of environmentally friendly way. Solar panels on the roof? Maybe bike pedaling inside if you want to exercise and provide a small amount of power? I feel like autonomous cars alone will save a ton of energy just by eliminating traffic jams. And cut down on wind resistance since you wouldn't need to keep the traditional design necessarily.
"A roaming private car that you can pay by the mile or carpool. Basically, the car would go up and down the street or area and put trips together (like going to the grocery store or the same shopping center) and split the costs, so it can be as affordable as a bus but more private."
My idea is a completely automated bus system. This would include a self driving bus moving on a predetermined route with multiple stops.
"Ride share bike and car business. You would be able to pick up either a car or a bike from a location, that way if you need ot go a long distance you can use a car, if not you can grab a bike."
Hover boards would be a great way for people to get from place to place while not using gas. They can charge it the night before and have it last all day without fail. Monthly cleaning will be needed. Not only would it save from using gas it will be the most popular form of transportation out there.
"Moped rentals. Like bike rentals, these are open access places where someone can rent a small vehicle like a moped or scooter by using their credit card or maybe their ID as their ""deposit"". If they steal the vehicle or damage it, they are billed, but otherwise, must simply have the vehicle back in their stall at the designated time. On-board computers diagnose the vehicles to check for problems or missing parts, and a GPS keeps track of them for asset protection and data collection purposes."
Sidewalks that zoom super fast and have highly synchronized rotation panels that slide you on and off without disrupting your balance or equilibrium.
I see a totally different way of transportation in the future. I see solar a powered tram replacing all the buses and since the cost is so much lower there will be many more of them so you can get anywhere you want to go anytime. In addition to the in city tram there will be a super high speed solar powered train that can go 150 mph or more! That will make it so what used to be a 2 hour drive or more will now be a short train ride away. For those who do not want to take the tram there will be an unmanned flying drone taxi. All you do it either tell it your destination or input the location yourself and it automatically takes you there.
A rail system that hangs over the road where trains are suspeended from above and can carry hundreds of people
A cablecar system
"A overhanging monorail. There are a lot of key locations close together, this would be great for my town."
A monorail type transportation system.
A grid system in which people load and unload off of a small transit rail.
I would like a non-gas mode of transportation to be created for our area such as a horse drawn carriage where the horses are treated really well but they also go fast and get us where we need to go.
"Golf carts - I think these are amazing vehicles that are being under-utilized in America.  They would be great in urban, suburban and rural communities alike.   There are many uses in modern America that these vehicles could fill and reduce the high costs of maintaining the automobiles, trucks and other motor vehicles we all use for errands, travel to work, etc."
I think it should be a tunnel that everyone gets in and you press a button to where you wanna go and it will take you there in a flash.
Have a system of skylift that can transport people within the city. This could really reduce traffic congestion. This network goes above the ground traffic and moves quickly.
"I think an automatic bus, possibly on a rail system so the times would be more predictable and rigorous."
A moving sidewalk could be useful in some areas of my neighbourhood.
"An electrical bike share program. In my town, many people want to take bikes, but don't want to pedal. If the bikes were electric they would be used a lot more often."
A hoverboard that is powered by solar power
I can drive myself anywhere with my car for as long as I have gas.
"So there are tunnels everywhere and these circle elevators.  You step on a circle and hey presto, you are in a tunnel. It's well lit and the floor moves.  Also, all the electrical grid is down there, so you don't need that."
in my neighborhood - horses & carts
"A scooter type machine that gets good gas mileage and goes faster than a normal scooter, but it has a roof and a system that protects people from outdoor elements."
"hoverboard system

skateboard-only

electric only vehicles, or vehicles only powered by electricity"
I imagine a way to ride a school bus to various spots on its route. You would be pre-screened as an adult who could act as a school bus monitor and at the same time gain transportation to a location near the school. It would solve the problem of kids riding unsupervised and give another public transportation option in the neighborhood.
A new form of transportation that could be well used in my community would be a large seating vehicle that took people on and off the local military bases. There are 5 bases here and in the morning and evening commute there are traffic issues around those bases. A way to remove at least half the vehicles could cut down on pollution and traffic around the base for people off the base as well as on. This would be a military carpool of sorts to also eliminate parking issues.
"There should be paid service for a bus route to pick up people who live right outside a city. I will use my self as an example for my idea. I live about 20 miles for a major city . If I didn't have a automobile I would not be able to get anywhere important. Now the nearest cilty has a bus route only for those in the city. But there are plenty of people who would use a rural bus . A bus could pick up multiple people in the rural area. The school bus service already does this , I don't know why the city could come up with a plan to offer public transportation for adults living in rural areas. It's just very stupid that this is not a thing in Houston ."
Have a system of sidewalk rail cars that attaches to the sidewalks of a city. Each rail car can carry passenger anywhere in the city to any destination and stop at any time on its route. This system of transportation will greatly reduce city congestion while doesn't interfere with any of the vehicles that are already on the road.
It would be a form of high speed rail that is extremely quiet and runs on Solar energy.
what is needed is a tubular powered zipline based transportation system. a combination of pnewumatic and electric power will propel people from place to place in a similar manner to a ski lift except it would just be a small tube that has a chain of sorts running in it along the sidewalks. all you would have to do is to have a harness on and when you need to go to one of the destinations you hook on to the line that is color coded for your destination and cruise on down there. Not the most comfortable way to travel but the infrastructure for a neighborhood would be relatively inexpensive.
vans that drive the same routes all the time that charge a small fee
"A new transportation system uses solar panel on the roads to empower vehicles to travel around the city. As vehicles get on the road, it automatically connects on the server of the roads and energies stored on boxes on street corners come one. These vehicles do not use gasoline, ethanol or diesel. It is greenhouse and uses electricity collected from the sun. Renewable energy that saves money and free to the entire residents meaning as long as the sun still shines, vehicles will work."
Have motorcycle drivers go around the city picking up passengers. It would be fun for the passengers and cause less pollution.
"Another way of transportation would be tube, such as in Futurama.

The tube acts as a vacuum and 'carries' you to your destination in the neighborhood."
"Ride bicycles.  Get some exercise, leave early and ride a bike."
"One day per month (at least) cars should be banned from the roads. Some buses could be allowed to allow for transportation of people who can't walk or bike, but this would be a great way to encourage human-powered transport and allow people to see the fun in this activity without increased danger from car traffic.  This would also be great for the environment."
driverless pods that can be paged by using a phone app.
"Public transportation would be ran on hybrid engines, that would be better for emissions, and far more fuel efficient. Future transportation would be far more fuel efficient that runs on alternate forms of power, rather than fossil fuels such as gasoline. These new vehicles would rely less on the oil resource and be cleaner, and far more efficient than before."
a fun car that always tells jokes to the passengers
"Currently, I live in a small town that has a public transportation system. However, you have to call and wait for the bus to pick you up, instead of waiting at a pre-determined stop, and it can take forever to get where you're going. I propose a busing system that's like the one in bigger cities for my neighborhood. People could still call and wait for a bus, but buses should also stop and pick people up at predetermined stops at regular intervals."
There could be a really good motorcycle driver that would drive fast and come pick you up. He would know back roads and side allys very well. He could weve in and out of traffic and get you somewhere really fast.
It would be great if we all had hoverboards and could get around like that!
"A tram. We don't really have trams in the Ohio. It's kind of like a smaller version of a train, but very quiet and low energy. It runs on tracks and electricity."
Air Transport - Fastest mode of transport and provides vital support to the national security and defence
"I'd love a system that is like Uber but just for cheap, shared rides home from the train. It'd cost less than a buck for everyone and operate as a shuttle for people that live within 5 mins of the train."
Taxis that drive themselves
"Movable sidewalk, like a super cool huge treadmill"
"Off the ground magnetic rails have high speed autonomous trains that anyone can use, and it gets you to areas much faster than can now be done."
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil. Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function as a vessel for a variety of reasons.
Electric rail transports. They existed in Detroit before GM had them eliminated. Essentially bicycle lanes with individual vehicles instead that run on electric wires.
Paying a fee for a bike that could be used monthly. There would be multiple stations set up where you could place the bike and switch out for others.
I would like to see a modern underground railway system installed in my neighbourhood. It would be noiseless and very fast. The railway will connect all the neighbourhood together making it easier to move around. The train would be making stops every half hour  to pick up and drop passengers.
Create an underground rail system that allows people to travel to all major hubs of the city. This would save gas and ease pollution.
A bus that allows you to be part of a reward system that rewards frequent users to get discounts.
"A monorail sort of train, raised over the cityscape and nearly silent as it passes overhead.  There would be platforms raised up several stories high, with elevators to reach street level.  The trains would be sleek and shiny silver or white, gleaming in the sun.  The trains would change smoothly and seamlessly from track to track, so that each one can have a different route."
"I would like an interchangeable form of light rail, in which the train would have several compartments that would be destined for multiple locations. That way you just get on the train, and the train goes to an interchange. At the interchange the compartments are separated (I imagine they are held together by magnets) and grouped together by location. Once all the compartments that are going to the same area are together, the train leaves. It would work like changing trains, except you wouldn't have to go outside."
future transport is important to our life.
EASILY RENTABLE CAR SERVICE
"One on rails , but it has seats inside a bubble that hangs below the rails."
"Similar to the idea of car ride sharing, there could be bike sharing. This already exists on some level, but those bikes are terrible and slow. The bikes could be outfitted with an electric motor, and the motors could be charged via solar panels at the bike stations. This way, people would be more inclined to use them because it would be really easy to get up the hills around here."
"An automated car pickup system. You connect via an app on a computer, tablet, or cell phone and let the system know the time you need to leave; it then sends a size appropriate vehicle to your door to pick you up and on your way you go!"
no but the same
"special paths for speedwalkers only, no slow walkers, no joggers, just speedwalkers"
Small drones of the size of birds should be invented so that they can monitor the cities properly
Flying cell phone
A ship that takes you around town within minutes and costs less than other methods of transportation.
"Bus lines that run on algorythms generated by apps on citizens' phones in order to insure adequate service and reduce waste.  In off hours, users can ""ping"" the authority before they reach the stop they expect to be picked up at."
"a walkway above the road. it would be totally enclosed and go parallel to the road, not across the road. so people can walk to work/down the main drag without being outside. this would facilitate walking to work."
"Having charter buses pick you up from designated spots around the city and dropping you off in various locations around, such as the mall, groceries etc."
"Have a business where drivers rent cars, for hours and not days. The cars can be electric cars. Make them the cheapest cars possible. Make it for around the metro area only - and have the credit card swiper built into the car itself. In other words If you rent three hours with the car, it goes dead until you pay for more time. If someone takes it out of the pre-defined boundaries  of the city the car goes dead. You would have these little rental kiosks set up all over the city."
Underground tunnel.  Underground tunnel that allows people to walk during the rain around the neighborhood.
My idea is : Have you worked int he food industry?
"A local-government sponsored ridesharing service, much like Uber. However, the proprietors will be the local government, so the commissions from rides will be reinvested into the local community."
Footpath that moves like an escalator. You get on the footpath which has arrow on it show the direction in which it moves. You will be able to turn with the help of remote control. Has a stop button in case of emergency. And must be solar powered.
The last new type of teleportation that I can think of would be tubes that connected to certain places and people could get in them to be pushed through to the other end of the tube to another area. They would be large and everywhere so it would only take up space in the air and there would be lots of places to go to.
We could create tubes connecting major streets that could fit people and ship them through the tunnels in a small fast moving container.
Conveyor belts that run on the sidewalks.
Cell phone teleport
Click to teleport
"In my neighborhood, any public transportation would  be new. We could make rentable bicycles that are in a convenient location"
Use bicycles as the exclusive form of transportation. Get rid of all cars.
There should be a system where you can call for the bus to pick you up instead of it stopping at certain stops. It would go to the certain stops also but also pick you up if it has extra space in the time it has so it can save the Earth with carpooling.
"I see the potential for self-driving cars to replace taxi services. People would call an automated line, or perhaps interact with a site/app on their computers/phones, to schedule to be picked up by the service. Meanwhile, a network that keeps track of all self-driving cars in its region would figure out which car was closest or would have to deviate the least to pick up the passenger within 5-10 minutes of being hailed. These cars could be compartmentalized to hold four or six passengers without individuals having to worry about undesired contact with the other passengers. The cars could run on electricity and the network would consider battery life with regards to planning routes and destinations."
"I think a drone transport system that would carry people, good and other items would be a great service.  An even better idea is if was peer run, meaning run by people in your neighborhood, and all the profits would be split."
I would suggest that there would be bullet train/subway that would rely on solar power/cooking oil/grease. It would connect to all parts of the continent. It would be energy efficient.
I would imagine a street car type system that would connect each neighborhood.
A bicycle rickshaw service.
I would love a uber that can run on water and land!
"My idea relates to my current job in my team lead department: We just need to get on the same page and make sure we are training the new people the same way, or very similar so that aren't any confusions when they go on their own. My idea for WHEN WE ARE TRAINING is to simply develop an exact process that we would do. Step-by-step for the newcomers so there isn't any confusion at all for them or if they have to work with another trainer. This way, we all as trainers, train the exact same way."
"A walking pathway across every rooftop in the city.   It would cut down on danger from cars, and it'd be fun to see the scenery.  This could easily be constructed with some good, sturdy planks.  Line them up on the roof, screw them in or hammer them in.  Every building would have a fire escape on it for easy access back to the street.  This would save much time as you could go ""as the eagle flies."" straight across the roofs."
"Transportation is mostly done by cars nowadays, but why don't we use rocket powered shoes instead? Flying with footwear is not only cool, it would be much faster than driving."
Taxi drones would be cool. You could tell it where you want to go and it could use GPS technology to pick you up and drop you off.
"Well-defined bicycle lanes throughout the neighborhood, to promote safety for cyclists and pedestrians. Also allows for better control of traffic and fosters better feelings between vehicleists and bicyclists."
Small cars running remotely on designated path evenly spaced that stop when a button is pushed on the side walk.
"I wish we had a monorail between the airport and our city. We aren't connected to any public transportation system, but more than 70% of our residents travel by plane more than once a year. Many people travel for work, etc. Rather than each of us driving and paying to park our cars there, if we could stay in our suburb and take the monorail (or train) to and from it would save a great deal of money and time."
Super fast car
"I think driverless taxi services are going to be the dominant transportation systems in the future. Sort of like having a whole bunch of Uber drivers out there picking up whoever needs it. I don't think that vehicle ownership will be nearly as widespread as it is these days, as driverless cars will be far safer."
"Have a transportation system in the city where there is a tunneling system filled miniature train with small passenger capacity. These miniature trains can take people directly to their destination and the best part is that because they are small, there can be a large number of them running underneath the city."
"Have the streets be less wide, in order to have small row gardens on the sides on the sidewalks. This interactive, edible walkway would promote and provide sidewalk snacks and usability. Easy fresh pick veggetables and fruits, less flooding and more city beauty!"
"My neighborhood is very organized, but has very few buses.  I'd love to see a ski 'pod' style transportation.  There would be several station, and you would enter a pod, and ride.  There would be a whole network of pod so you could go all over town.  It will also be overhead, like over the sidewalks and bike paths."
"a new type of rail system with certain drop off points, but the rail system is above the road so it doesnt interfere with people driving cars."
An on demand bicycle system where a truck (with a trailer?) will bring a bicycle to your current location and then you can leave it in place when you're done. Reservations could be made in advance using an app.
"In the interest of reducing traffic and accidents, a new series of self-driving only roads and lanes are opened.  On these roads, ONLY self driving cars are authorized to drive, and on them there are no speed limits (not that the self-driving cars would be going that much faster than normal). Unfettered by the chaos of common roads and the limitations of human judgement, these exclusively self-driving vehicle areas allow the navigational AIs to coordinate for an optimally fast and efficient journey."
nicer bike paths so more people would be happy to ride a bike
Segways!  Segway sidewalks that go over streets and above the normal sidewalks people walk on so you can ride your segway without stopping for traffic or having to worry about a pedestrian taking up space to get by. Segway sidewalks can even run on the edge of a major highway in bigger cities like mine to keep routes short and simple. We can even make the segways charge on solar power so they will never go dead while you're out running about.
"I think that some sort of charging commuter car should be parked in every neighborhood. People could coordinate commute times and use electric cars instead of gas, in exchange they pay $1 a day to drive the car per person."
"A car pooling app. Non-drivers and those looking for regular rides who normally carpool would join the community and hook up with drivers who are going to their general destination. There would be a monthly fee, which would lowered and even be removed if someone drives/uses their car enough. For example, it's $5 per month, and every time YOU drive it goes down by .50 cents. There's incentive for both non-drivers (a small fee for rides) and drivers (free membership, maybe some gas reimbursement)."
"A vehicle which does not have contact with the earth. That means the vehicle repels with the earth, that is a force against the gravity. The repulsion is constantly managed a new technology so that the vehicle have a permanent distance from the earth. Pressure controllers can be used to create pressure variation in the air and the vehicle moves to the lower pressure area with the air."
"A network of quadcopters (drones) large enough to transport humans. Let's say you need to get to the other side of town quickly, and want to avoid traffic -- get in a drone and have it deliver you by air!"
"The transportation will be in similar vehicles but on a more fixed schedule, based on the need to be fixed to an automatic track.  Users will log into apps and schedule rides like Uber and traffic space will be monetized."
"Transportation which have free GPS system in it, available for all passengers."
"An autonomous car service. This would require the building and investing into self driving cars. You would have a mobile app you can call and request a car and one is immediately dispatched to you. Using your phone you tell it where you want to go. It navigates there. Best of all, this would be free - or very cheap."
"it'd be cool to have a rent a shop throughout the city for people who aren't able to afford bicycles or scooters, or any other sort of transportations. the can rent an item, and return it at the other part of town."
"To avoid traffic, airway is most suitable transportation system in the near future. Drones which are capable to carry a person is needs to developed."
The subway station can be replaced with magnetic levitation train. The subway train use electrically charged magnets to lift and move above the rail tracks.
I think a spiral starting from the center of the city going out to the edges of the city.  The spiral should be able to get all the areas if it's only 2-3 blocks wide.  It would have a dedicated lane so traffic wouldn't affect the bus and vice versa.  There would be a way to quickly have people enter and exit the bus and this would keep it on time.  Of course the bus is electric powered.
"An underground network system in the neighborhood, like a subway but only bikes and small motorcycles can travel through. This will be a good way to protect against the weather and steer clear of any incoming cars."
company that comes in the early morning and scraps and snow/ice off my car
I think my neighborhood would benefit from one of those pedal bike bars for the downtown area. There is a lot of history and what better way to enjoy it than while sipping a nice drink and getting some exercise
Vacuum tubes that transport people around pneumatically. Tubes can go above or below ground and will be powered by compressed air.
"I think teleportation would be awesome. Wouldn't need cars anymore, save on oil and fumes in the environment. People would be happier because they wouldn't be stuck in traffic or have to drive hours to see long distance family members."
"My neighborhood is rural with no public transportation so I believe any addition will be good. However, I feel my town is the perfect candidate for an innovative public bus system. Energy efficient buses for long trips around my town, which does not have a standard grid pattern and therefore different to organize. Bus routes could be organized using a web pattern, allowing travelers to transfer easily. This map could be viewed on a mobile app or website, which could also let users know when the next bus closest to them (via gps) is."
Seasonal Idea - You get picked up by a SLEIGH looking car (Christmas Season) or a Chinese 2 wheeler (spring/summer). Other ideas related to seasons as well - Valentines Day/St Patty Day/Independence Day Themed etc
"Autonomic driving cars that can drive without the user's attention. This will eliminate traffic, deaths and some jobs."
Should be an uber limo that pick parties of people up!!!
"An automated railway sytem that runs through the major streets of the city, which stops at hubs where riders can get out and either walk the rest of the way, or  rent a bicycle, or small automated pod car to finish the rest of their trip to their destination."
"My city is a little small and close together. Most people use a car or the bus. I think it would be a great idea if more people rode bicycles, and I don't think it would take much longer to get where they need to go."
Railway/ Trains/ Subways is very poor people useful transport
A Transportation which is used for elder and physically challenged people.
I picture a streamlined 'box' like a cable car that is hanging from a line or track throughout the city. It would be shaped like a rectangle with smooth edges and very compact and sleak. It glides up to the booth where people may get on and each cable car 'box' can hold 6 people in 3 rows of 2 with a small walking aisle to the side.
"roads that are like people movers so that you dont really have to drive they just move the car for you, save gas and no accidents"
A new transportation system would include a mono rail system that is built above the streets and sidewalks where pedestrians can move quickly from one side of the city to the next with having to negotiate with traffic. Once you get to your train station destination there will be a system of buses who would be at the train station waiting to take you to a variety of different bus stations. The busses would pick up and drop off and would take you to and from the monorail system.
solar powered mini bus system - florida
Everything would be done through a smartphone app. It would be a transport system that gathers everyone together with common interests. It would be a way to make friends and get to your destination.
A public bus transport system that will alllow commuters to get from point A to point B. This will allow for citizens to save money and be energy efficient.
roads with different speed limits so people that want to drive faster can go on one and people driving slower on the other
My idea is a telephone that automatically locks itself down so that when you are in transport via car or any other mode of transportation it cannot be used until it detects you are no longer in transport.
"An underground tunnel system just for people, bikes and mopeds.  The idea is that all the cars and congestion can stay up above and people can safely walk or transport themselves around without worrying about cars and busses getting in the way or being run over by them.  Every so often there is a ramp that allows you to exit, as well as natural light through grates and proper ventilation.  It would also be a great way to get around when it snows."
"In the future, self driving cabs can be summoned via mobile phone, to pick up the driver and take them to a particular destination via a touchscreen or other similar interface located inside the vehicle.  Some difficulty may occur if the passenger is unsure of the address of his or her destination, but a trained attendant can be called to determine the location for the passenger."
"A concept similar to Uber, but with a bus. Especially in a city the socialization factor of riding with other passengers while going to a destination could be nice. You would be able to specifically request stops and pickups."
"An elevated air-tram service that connects to other major transportation options. Since it's above-ground, it can bypass a lot of traffic and one-way streets that plague and slow-down current options."
Zip lines all over! Can go building to building.
have school buses equiped with gps so you can track and not have the kids wait out in the cold.
I would rent golf carts in the summer to the elderly without cars so they could shop.
A new way of transportation that will change how you commute. This innovation will make commuting fun and will reduce your stress of traveling.
"There would be a street train that would take people from downtown down the main road to the city limits. It would also connect to service to the next big city over. Bus service would be more frequent, and Uber would be allowed to begin service."
Personal drone helicopters that people can fly around in. This would be useful in places such as cities.
"we need individual stand up scooters for citys almost like the 2 wheeled ones we have now but run on electric under the road, or even like personal unicycles that take people around. totally different topic how about Walmart allows you to make your shopping list online and they drop it off at your house on routes city distribution"
An elevated train that ran throughout the city.
"Maybe like a neighborhood taxi that would be assigned to a specific neighborhood, and would circulate and pick up people at a discounted rate!"
"My idea alternative transportation in the neighborhood would be horseback. There would be nice safe wide equestrian trails throughout allowing you to visit neighbors, go to the convenience or grocery store which would have hitching posts. Motorized vehicles would be limited to passenger cars/trucks."
"It would have to be something that is a hybrid that helps the environment where when you get into it it's propelled by recycled human waste.   I know it sounds a little weird but if you realize how much of it there is it would be awesome to get the benefits of those of a botanist in outer space for instance like in the movie ""The Marsian"" and apply it to car transportation."
"My neighborhood would have electric, self-driving buses that charges when it stops at stoplights through inductive charging."
"Make hovercars to get people around.  There is a guy in Canada that actually made a hover car, so it would be great if you could move that idea over to a car.  Make them solar powered so they are kinder to the environment."
all of use us then car is comfertable at the every movement
"I think we should incentivize walking. Tax breaks for people who walk to/from work. Discounts offered by businesses if you walk to their store. Municipalities will save by not needing to pave/upkeep roads. Less impermeable surfaces mean less runoff to deal with, etc etc. Sometimes the best innovation is redeploying the simplest of technologies..."
"Future cityscapes will be re-designed in such a fashion where all transportation will be as efficient as possible, through grouping all businesses, schools, hospitals, etc. together in different districts/areas. All transportation will be through public modalities, no private modes of transportation will exist."
"I feel like a sleek looking car that functions as a hovering vehicle would be great.

Could work on water and land, how about that!"
THE ALTERNATIVE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM IS VERY USEFUL TO TRANSPORT ALL THE PRODUCTS AND ITS TIME SAVING
A online map real time of the buses and trains the area. Buses and trains aren't usually on time and having real on time traffic will show if its a bad bad to drive.
"Something like the company UBER that uses school buses, or lynx buses to pick up large groups of people quickly. If a family of 25 all want to go somewhere and no one has a car...have no fear BuUBER is here!"
Obviously self driving cars are going to be the norm in 10 years.  It's basically just a standard vehicle with additional software and mechanical components that let it interact with the road and other vehicles without user input.  You'll be able to just hop in and be taken to wherever you need to go that has a road to it while you relax.
Uber carpooling: People who are going to a similar destination can choose to carpool.
A covered moving sidewalk that allows you to walk on it as well so you get to where you need but also get exercise. It would run throughout the city.
"Our new transportation system would involve golf carts.  Several roads would be designated as golf-cart-only areas and include parking.  New paths could be created because they take up less space than normal roads and even designated lanes on existing roads could be defined to use existing infrastructure.  The environment would be healthier with less pollutants, crowding would be less due to smaller size vehicles, and it would even encourage healthier lifestyles out in the air and sunshine."
Seated railways.  A small seats on track that would take you around at slow speed.
I can imagine my neighborhood having a high speed maglev train. It will levitate on top of a rail that will span around the entire city to avoid traffic. It will be fast and efficient to provide good transportation services.
"My idea is of a drive-on subway. Just like cars can be driven onto ferries, where a person can stay in there car while the ferry transports them across the water and then drive off the ferry onto land again once the ferry has reached its destination, drive-on subways would allow something similar. Certain stops would not be for people boarding, but for cars. The cars would go into specialized compartments and the drivers would be required to stay in their vehicles so as not to cause any danger. The cars would be allowed to drive off of the subway vehicle at certain stops too. This way, people could be using both the subway system and their cars at the same time, so they end up with the benefits of both! The subway can take them somewhere along its route, and their car can take them the rest of the way where the subway doesn't go. It would cut down on traffic and probably encourage people to take the subway even when they're not using their car. A lot of people are hesitant to try public transit, but once they try it, they find it efficient, so this would really show people how efficient it can be. 

While on board the subway, the people in cars would see lights in their compartment, just like a stoplight, telling them when it is okay to drive off. The doors would automatically open at every stop where cars are allowed to exit, and then a green light would go on that the driver could easily see, so they'd know it's their time to drive off. When it turns to yellow, it means the doors are closing soon, so the driver should either hurry up or choose to stay on. Of course, the doors would have motion-sensors so they wouldn't close on a car either way. There would also be maps inside each compartment with cars showing where the stops are, so a driver can prepare for where they need to get off at."
A system where cars are left with the keys in them but they require a passcode to unlock that is only obtained by renting the car. It can then be parked in special spots around the city for the next person to use.
"Ziplining through town, both individual 'cars' and 'cars' that carry multiple people."
train
"Helicopter on demand. This would cater to the richer people in society. Instead of hailing a cab, you use your smart phone to summon a helicopter that lands near your home. You get inside and it takes you to your destination, must faster than a car could."
"Moving roadways, like people movers at the airport."
A motorized scooter program where  you can rent them from stations throughout the city.
AIRWAYS - AIR TRANSPORT IS BEST FOR EMERGENCY PURPOSE. BUT LITTLE COSTLY.
An AI that tells certain buses or train to slow down at a certain rate to decrease accidents making traffic more efficient.
subway
The sidewalks could all be movable.
We could really use a ride sharing option in my neighborhood.  I suggest having a neighborhood website that allows workers to post their work location and schedule so that workers can meet up and arrange to share a ride to work.
"I would love to see some kind of computer-operated taxi service in my city. The roads would be a lot safer of cars weren't being driven by humans, and I feel like people would be a lot more productive. I would love if I could just sit in the backseat and read or do work on my way to work, instead of having to pay attention to the road every second. It would also save money from having to buy a car if I could jsut call one of these taxis whenever I need to go somewhere."
"Surfboard skooter, has a handle but more room for passengers or belongings"
"a fan that goes on top of your outdoor HVAC unit. The exhaust from the HVAC turns the fan, which then generates electricity."
Hydrogenase would be an aerial ship for a future low on oil. Its a hybrid airship that would be entirely reliant on biofuels for transport and that could function as a vessel for a variety of reasons.
"A form of transportation similar to an airlift, only the seats are at terminals on the ground. You board and they take you to predesignated stops in a direct line, free of traffic. Like a shuttle or train, only on a smaller scale, and ideally seats come in much more frequently, every 30 seconds or so."
"It would be this, maybe people who are in prison (for misdemeanors) could get some sunlight in the da, and drive around people in the neighorhood who need rides!"
A hover board sharing service. Like a car rental but with hover boards. Must be located near bike paths.
"I think automated cars that work like taxis would be great.  They would have short range ones and long ranges ones.  Also, larger ones that go on busy commute routes each day to and from work.  With them being automated everything would be faster and run more efficiently."
"I see self driving cars for personal transportation. There will be several sizes available depending on the number of passengers. There will be cars for a single passenger and buses for large groups. You will pay by mile as well as a monthly fee to access the service. Almost all deliveries will be performed by drone. The postal service itself will begin to implement this delivery method on some routes. There will be specific roadways built to accommodate these new vehicles and special lanes, much like a carpool lane, that are available to only automated transports. Traffic, pollution and accidents will decrease sharply and it will be difficult to even obtain a license for a private vehicle although not impossible. This will largely be in place at the turn of the next century but some will be in service sooner."
A bunch of self driving cars that will replace buses and taxis. The will have free wifi and be very cheap.
Since I live in the country it would be an rail service that goes through and above the trees to go to town. It would stop at certain places but would go through the pretty parts of the country
I visualize a car ride sharing phone application in which people put in the destination that they want to go to and they can connect with people going that same direction for a ride.
"My ideal transportation system would be google or self driving cars replacing taxi or private service car. No more need for a driver. Cars would be better at avoiding crashes better than people. The cars would know the fastest routes, be aware of current traffic conditions. These cars are already in the experimental phase and I can't wait until they go live."
"I don't anticipate the transportation system changing too much in my area no matter the time frame. I think the car will rule for the next several decades, but I would like the cars to change. They need not be so huge, and would be powered by plug-in type electrical engines. Each home would have a solar array and this would power your home, and your car. A back-up natural gas power plant would help out if it's cloudy for weeks. Cars would be there for longer trips, but I would also like to see normal bicycle travel increase in the small city I live in. People are fat, lazy, and gross. We don't need anymore technology to go 100 yards, just less lazy people."
"I think that one cool idea is to have personal transportation that allows you to connect with other people in your area so you can rideshare and also carpool or get a ride when needed. Instead of using like Craigslist to ask for rideshare or ask if people are willing to pick  them up, you use an app. People can sign into this app and then say which direction they are going. Along the way you can request that person pick you up to get you from A to B...kind of like hitchhiking through a mobile app."
"In my area, we don't have buses or sidewalks. You HAVE to drive a car, even though the area is big enough for a bus. I would love to have an eco-friendly bus route through the main part of town. 



One thing that may be neat would be large sidewalks where people could ride bikes/scooters/walk and avoid using a vehicle. The main road is fairly busy, and there are quite a few shops around that would be more accessible if we had better transportation than just getting in a car! (Boardman, OH). Little scooters with solar power charging stations would be neat."
An electromagnetic solar powered monorail. Its only a means to replace a standard city beltway people would commute to parking lots and take the rail to the inner city where it would connect with the local subway and bus system for extentability.
"A simple bicycle exchange and rental program that works on a library card system. Bicycles are locked up around the city, and there are stations for returning bikes in padlocks. The whole system is operated by swiping a public library card."
"Have old school buses converted into Eco friendly vehicles, then have them purchases by large local companies and drive to neighborhoods to pick up workers."
A community carpool.
a chute system with high travel.
"A series of tubes, like at the bank, but for people in little eggs, with elevator music playing."
"We could have busses that worked like uber.  Instead of having specific spots, people could put in their location and where they want to end.  Then the busses would know when and who to pick up along constantly changing and evolving routes."
Self driving cars that carry everyone around everywhere.
It's a transportation system like what they have in Europe where there are streetcars that take you everywhere in the city and are easy to use and get on.
"Walking tunnels that are elevated, so you are safer from traffic, and enclosed in plexiglass so it is weather-proof but also safe because people can see you."
A service where you can easily pick up a ride to ublic transportation. many people live in areas where public transportation is just slighlty out of reach. this would allow people to get there in an easy an inexpensive manner.
"Rentable Segways.  You tie the segway or similar device up to a post or bike rack.  Develop an app and use it.  Make the tires out of hard rubber, and armor the body.  Also, plenty of work for laywers, but crazier ideas have been tried, like having relative strangers drive people around on Uber."
Monorail type cart that takes you to high populated areas/
"I would like to see mass transit used more effectively. Smaller, more energy efficient means of getting people to hubs, where they can get on larger transports. Think of it as levels: you walk to the end of the road, take a small electric-motor tram to the end of the street, where you catch a large mono-rail into the city for work."
"A new transportation method could be using self driving vehicles. During times when you are needing to pre drink before going to a bar to save money, you find yourself unable to drive to the said bar. With self driving vehicles, you can let the robot do the critical thinking for you to ensure your safe arrival to your friendly neighborhood bar. This would be fun and convenient. This would also reduce the amount of wrecks on a friday and saturday night."
Free bike exchange drop off type situation with buy in.  I'd like to pay a small fee to get a key to buy into a bike exchange that would be availible outside a number of locations spread thoughout the small city to use when i wish.
Moving sidewalks that are similar to conveyer belts
Another idea would placing electricity-generating devices at intersections where cars come to a stop for a red light that would recharge the battery of hybrid/electric cars. This could be powered by solar panels attached to lighting poles along the road.
I imagine a taxi speed boat that could take you downtown in a matter of minutes. It will help skip all the traffic on the street and cut your time in half. Perfect for people who live by bodies of water and are in a rush like NYC.
An affordable device that tracks chemicals in your home aquarium
Personal one seater vehicles for work purposes.
"I picture a brand new train system, going down the main street, with street cars going leading up to the main street.   I would love to see it being a high speed system, paying with your fingerprints.   It would be similar to a credit card."
motorcycle/scooter  picture best is  transport most of  the transport  very important
wings to fly like a bird
"A motorized scooter ""stop.""  Basically a few very popular areas you can pick up a scooter from an agent.  Credit is the only thing that's acceptable, as they need to have something on file in case you ride off with the scooter.  These locations where you can both rent, and return scooters will only be in very popular areas (Such as the mall, a large amount of business buildings, and the like.)  Make it relatively affordable, and have people be able to write it off as an expense."
"Marijuana ""dip"" packs like Snus or Snuff or Dip."
"A monorail system that is above everyone.  There would be rail cars on it that go in a multitude of directions.  People can still use the other forms of transportation, but this form would be strictly for people looking to get around in the city.  They would park their cars before entering the city, and use this quick system for getting around.  No more crowded, expensive parking in the city."
"Uber Drone. They can come to you at any location, much like a helicopter, but can also deliver you where you need to go much quicker."
"School Bus taxi. School buses rumble down our street every day, often not every seat is taken. If you knew the route, and had been vetted through security, you could pay a small fare to hop on and ride along the route, even connecting to other school buses. It would be an energy-efficient mode of transportation. Also, more adults on the bus would probably reduce bullying among the kids."
"There would be a four inch tall metal rail running between the sidewalk and curb, up and down every street. There would be small carts powered with gravity batteries that would run on the rails. This would help people stop relying on fossil fuel transportation"
"way to work, telecommuting"
Provide financial incentives to ride share
"Covered and underground or above ground lanes for bikes, pedestrians, and disabled that are always protected from inclement weather."
"I would love to see an Uber type of program but for doctor appointments. Where the doctor's office has drivers who are willing to pick up patients and drop them back off at home. Maybe like 1 person driving in a city and just bringing the patients to the doctor so that people won't have to drive to the doctor, especially older people."
There should be a train system in our county. It should have a magnetic railway so it can be as green as possible and use light power.
"I would love to see Pittsburgh, PA use some of unused railroads for light rail service. Many of our existing routes were cut, unfortuantely."
A service where you sit in a heated or air conditioned glass bubble and get towed around by an automated driver using drone technology.
A path for Segways.
We are planning to buy a battery car forthe transportation in our neighborhood. By using the battery car there will be no bad effects in our atmosphere and also it will not populated our environment.
"I believe that there should be a police cars that have the ability to take control over other vehicles. For instance, if a criminal is speeding down a highway, then there should be a way to highjack that car in order to ensure the safety for other citizens."
"I imagine a kind of moving walkway in the sky.  The moving walkway would be built on stilts above the ground. An individual can hop on the moving walkway and can walk to another part of the city, but at a faster rate than normal walking. This would encourage taking our own two feet as transportation."
"Tubes. Interconnected web that you can get in at your front door, arrive at your destination all while sitting back and relaxing."
My idea consists of zip-lines connecting the buildings. People would be able to ride zip-lines to wherever they wanted.
"Automated high-density, elongated cars."
Magcars drive by magnets and controlled completely by computers along with a smart roadway to make traffic flow as efficient as possible being able to dynamically adapt to changing traffic levels and flow patterns
Road ways - Bicycle is one of the best transport. Pollution free and keep body fit.
having an on call drunk bus service
"I think it would be cool if there were kisoks you could rent bicycles from.  Maybe put a gps tracker inside of them so people didn't try to steal them, or give people back part of their deposit when they returned the bike to another kisok."
"I imagine a loop in my city where anyone would be able to have a short walk to the 'main artery' and be able to get anywhere at a major point within minutes; perhaps this would be a rail suspended above the city, or otherwise away from other major traffic; it would really help in efficiency of moving people around."
"A subway, because we don't have those in Montana.  LOL"
A highway for pedestrians. A big moving walkway to popular locations.
I think we need a greener alternative to the uber/lyft types of services. Perhaps an app that connects you to bike and rickshaw drivers. Like an uber or lyft for rickshaws. I took a cycle rickshaw after a music festival this summer and it was great. Took a while to get to the destination but it felt really cool to get a ride from a biker.
A transportation Idea I have is to have networked building walkways. Think of it like your average street crossing but instead of connecting streets it connects neighboring buildings instead. There would be no access to private buildings but pedestrians would be able to walk enclosed walkways running through special areas in the building to get to the next. I think this idea is very practical in heavy urban areas and would be a refreshing change from the average commute.
"I would like to see all self driving cars, driving at top speeds because human error and crashes have been removed from the equation. So everyone can get to their destination five, maybe ten times as fast, without a significant infrastructure overhaul."
all the transport is very very important to our life.
"Zip lines. It may be a one way form of transportation, but it would work well for this hilly area, and it would also be fun. However, somebody would have to take care of the liability aspect."
"I'd use apps and social media so I know the times of all transport.  If it's late, I don't want to hang out too long. An app would pick up my location and show the times of the buses or street car. I could set it to warn me too."
"Monorail through the city! Just like Disneyland, this city-wide system allows you to see the city from a bird's eye! Simply get on at one of the many stations around town and enjoy your ride without stops, traffic or bad weather. The rails above the city means growth can continue without getting in the way of transport, and means you can watch the world below!"
A smart car rental system where people pay per use or per hour.
"A fleet of automated cars that have pre-programmed destinations in them. You use your credit or debit card to pay. Swipe it and then pick your destination and it takes you there, charging you based on how far away it is and not based on time so it's better than a cab, and also uses the new robotic cars."
"a solar powered train that gains energy from the sun from the solar panels on the top of the train. it would run from sun up to sun down, to make sure it always has a charge. it would be sort of like a troll, but go as fast as a train."
Human Tubes where people slide through interconnected tubes throughout the city in order to bypass traffic.
"This is probably only suitable for thrillseekers, but I'd like to see some kind of zipline (with safety harnesses) from one tall structure to another. It might discourage things like base jumping, and it would be an extremely quick method of getting from one office to another."
"You know those rolling bar looking things that are at assembly lines and factories?  The ones that help usher along packages and larger things typically?  The streets would be like a lot of roll-y bars, and people would simply ride along those, and would activate detour switches built into the roll-y bars to send them on turns when they so desired."
"People not owning private vehicles, but could summon a vehicle for use though a computer or smartphone to their location. The vehicle would take them where they need to go. All of the vehicles would be electrical and green friendly. The vehicle might take you to another form of transportation if the software determined that a train would be more appropriate."
A small personal car that ran on solar energy that was no larger than a bike.  It could be stored on a bike rack and had enough energy to go 15 miles on a charge.  Charging time would only be an hour if and when it needed to plug into electric.  The biggest thing is that it would keep the occupant dry.
"maybe to save money, for rides throughout the neighborhood, it could just be a horse and carriage. someone could donate a few horses, and a few carriages, and everything would be for free"
"it is important to our life. when ever we go bus, train,car or scooter is important."
Motorcycle/ Scooter IS VERY USEING IN THE CITY
"There should be human powered roller coasters, where humans must provide energy to get it working."
My idea is to use special parking lots for energy efficient vehicles in order to give incentive to the use of cleaner energy. These parking lots could be in the more crowded city areas and you'd need a special pass or something after having your vehicle cleared.
It would be an app that allows people to call in helicopters to their location. It would let them call a helicopter to where they live and be transported from there.
"we need dedicated motorcycle streets, preferably underground, i live in a very populated city (not LA status but still very urban) and ive often thought that a small underground road system built primarily for two wheeled street vehicles would not only cut down on traffic but the pollotuion created could them be trapped and prevented from being released into the atmosphere... it would cause motorcycle sales to skyrocket and there by provide another added economic benefit."
A high speed monorail system that winds its way through all the important points of interest in the city. It would look futuristic and high tech with a sophisticated level of design along with being reliable.
"Kind of like an escalator that goes through town, but instead standing, you sit in a chair."
"Hire young, strong people to peddle multi-passenger bicycles"
"Electric bicycles that work only within a specified area. Like shopping carts that lock wheels when taken too far away from the store, these bikes would lock up when taken outside the area. Anyone can use these bikes within this area."
"Bike Stations



This new transportation system in my city would see bike kiosks placed around the city. The city would manage these kiosks and charge a small rental fee for use of the bikes. The bikes can be returned to any kiosk in the city. The city would have to dedicate bike lanes on all its major streets so that the bikers could ride on the street with no fear of being hit by other vehicles. This would cut down on pollution and make the city a leader in going green and using an optional from of transportation in the city."
I imagine a railway system that goes through my town and all around the united states. It would be a bullet train like they have in europe that hovers and goes fast. It would be affordable too.
"Scooter sharing, where they are parked in small areas and like the shared cars. Except scooters for single people."
"A conveyor belt system like the airport set up like the nyc trains would be awesome.  A bit slow going, but cheap, affordable, and it would allow people to be out in the fresh air again."
"Disperse grocery stores closer to neighborhoods, to avoid long trips to buy milk"
"While public transport systems are very environmentally friendly and can operate very well, new and novel personal vehicles can also encourage exercise. The bicycles that are shaped like cars and can seat 2-4 people are very fun, environmentally friendly, and get you from a to b. They are also brilliant for family outings."
"First off, that's a really choppy question.



There could be a network of ride sharing. Sort of like if Uber was a bus. People would have a regular route and others would request a ride to a central location. It would be mostly people commuting to work together. This would be done through phone apps."
My transportation idea would be using technology to make car sharing more accessible. Such as a phone application. It would be cheaper than using lyft or uber.
I think a monorail system or cable cars like you see on ski lifts would be quite useful. moving walkways enclosed in a plastic tunnel to protect from elements that would have heat or a/c depending on the season would be really cool as well.
Man-Hole Transportation : Replicating current sewage/water underground tunnels to port people easily. People can stand on the man-hole and will be pulled down and then ported by the tunnel.
"I would like to have a light rail (raised, like a monorail!) come around the edge of my community (say like the Hwy 10 minutes from my house). That would be great! It could go to the big shopping mall in Cherry Hill and into Philly even. (I'm in Southern NJ, can you tell?)"
"a new vehicle given to everyone that works in the city, and the vehicle is super small and runs on batteries."
I always thought they should incorporate moving sidewalks into the city. Just like the airport. This would allow people to scoot around faster without putting more people on the road.
"A plane that also works on the ocean.

Can be dual functioning!"
My idea is having double decker buses to accommodate more people in public transportation.
When I imagine future transportation in my neighborhood I visualize the vehicles of today with more advanced technology. I image that the vehicles will be able to drive themselves and all that is needed is for a person to input their destination and sit back. I think that the interior of the vehicles will be the biggest changes because these vehicles will allow people to sit back and relax. I think that the interior will be comfortable seats and have TVs to pass the time. Overall I imagine future transportation being someone similar to today but with less demand on people.
Underground tunnels to get from place to place.
"People with money will have personal drones that are an encapsulated metal tube with glass doors and windows. The user simply programs their destination into the computer and the drone will deliver them there with non-collision software. There will be various ""drone zones"" throughout the city where people can take off and land."
Catapults with mattress spread everywhere. You get thrown from a catapult and sent flying into a mattress or something that would soften the blow.
"How about a rent-a-Segway system?  Kind of like Zipcars or the bicycle rentals in big cities - you could pick up a Segway at a docking station in one part of town and then drop it off at one in another part of town.  You would probably need some sort of point of sale system for a deposit on the Segway, but otherwise the city could price it however they wanted."
Rental electrical bike stations near the bus stops.  You can check out a bike like you were at a library.
Single man Choppers to be used with solar energy. Short distance travel preferred by using this mode
"Luxury busses, nicer busses for people who don't want to own a car but want nicer transportation than what you get from a public bus experience"
A imagine a system like über but with driverless technology. And I imagine people renting on car for a group of people to commute.
"From small towns to big cities, public transportation is helping to generate new vitality like never

before. Beautiful, walkable town squares combine residential, retail, office, recreation and public

transportation features to make community living easy. New bus services and light rail extensions

improve mobility and ease congestion. Even the smallest adjustments, like widening sidewalks and

adding bikeways, can provide dramatic impact and value."
Transportation which have mini canteen in it for long travel passengers.
A teleportation device or two portals. One would step into this portal and will instantly be on the other side or destination. The portal will be energy efficient and free to use.
"I would like some sort of conveyor belt system or moving walkway (possibly with seats) in my city. It seems like it would be really nice for people, since people walk a lot here. Also, if there was a way to sit while moving, people could get work done and other things, while taking a 'slow ride' down the street (slower than a train, etc, so people can get on/ off while it's moving)."
"The current highway infa structure in this country is outdated and in disrepair. We should reinvest in our bridges and highways and retrofit them with sensors to aid in the development of autonomous vehicles. Thus reducing gridlock, emissions, accidents, and travel times."
"My idea is to make biking more efficient and safer in San Francisco. Just like there are raised freeways for cars, I propose having raised highways for bicycles. They would span the main neighborhoods downtown and into popular outer neighborhoods. Being raised and bicycle-only, they could be more direct and fast routes than bikes that try to ride through car traffic."
"I imagine a trolley going around the block. Going slowly to encourage people to get on. It can become a great place for teenagers aswell as other people to ride around in it and such. The tracks can be made out of solar panels and whenever there is darkness, such as a child fall on too the tracks. Then the trolley will stop. Safe and convienient."
Using driver-less vehicles as a taxi service around town by allowing residents to reserve a ride at any time by using the town's website.
I believe mobile sidewalks are a good idea. They could be on a conveyor system similar to escalators but on a flat plane and a bigger scale.
"Due to the amount of traffic around Tampa and surrounding towns, there is much congestion during rush hours. To help alleviate some of this, I suggest uni-directional bridge to be built that reduce traffic during rush hours. In the morning, the bridge would allow traffic going west towards the base. In the evening, traffic would flow to the east."
"Free parking for self driving cars. Each family could use one car that would drive them around and then go to a designated spot nearby to wait. In it's downtime, it could even act as cab for other people so families could make more money."
I think my neighborhood and the surrounding city could use some sort of collection of energy efficient trams that can network passengers along the old railways that are no longer in use.
"App integrated public & private transport, using location services in smartphones to sync to trains, buses, taxis, Ubers Zipcars etc to streamline travel. Using a global integrated app to pay for any type of transport service"
A network of publicly available electric cars will drive around the city in the most efficient manner possible. People will use apps to call a car to get them =from one of many pickup spots and drop them off before they go on the next passenger.
It will be a flying train that does not take space on the ground instead it flies fast above the ground to allow more space underneath
"A bike rental service that lest customers rent bikes for reasonable rates daily or weekly, with pick up and return spots very conveniently located around the city"
"Vehicles that circle around a block, which allow for passengers to jump right on.  Not necessarily a bus."
Bike pathway bridges above the city. These pathways could connect schools and business and making them convenient would encourage more people to ride and less driving.
"I would do a short of high speed shuttle system. It would also be energy efficient running on battery power that are charged at night. There would set certain spots like a bus spot but you would be able to get where you were going faster than a car, also cheaper and cleaner."
"I live in a small village, but I would love to see some type of system that allows residents to use mopeds or motorized scooters. There would be several hubs around town where a large collection of scooters are housed. A resident walks up to it and uses a special pass card to unlock it. They can then drive it to their destination. It would be the job of several people to make sure there is an even distribution of scooters at key hubs. Basically, one would drive a scooter to their destination, and leave it there at a drop off station. Another person could then take the same scooter to another destination. All use can be traced back to a user, because of the pass card."
"There could be some kind of light rail system for the people.  It would make stops at malls, universities, grocery stores, and various event centers."
Group carpools to work.  There could be an app that puts you in contact with people who work at the same company you work at or in close proximity to your work location.  The app would allow drivers to sign up to drive to work and with a rotating schedule this would cut down the amount of driving that any one single person would have to do.
Compressed air wheelie shoes that would assist up hill travel
"The cat bus is a new public transportation system where riders get to interact with 2 or more cats! The cats will be in cages, but they will be larger cages so they have room to roam. There will also be an enclosed cage where the cats who are too excited from the social stimulation can be alone."
Light rail around the city.
Many times there are small things I need to take to other people in the community but I don't have time to make all the deliveries.  I would envision constructing small robots that could deliver smaller items to specific addresses or coordinates and the recipient could pick up the package there and then return the robot to me by pressing a button.
"A private luxury shuttle system, sort of like an upscale bus/uber carpool. It will pick you up and bring you to any destination. Payment is based on miles traveled and time of day. It has comfortable seats and free wifi."
"The man used his old, used car for transportation every day to drive to work and back to his house."
I think that there could be a light rail system or electric buses. there is enough sunlight to make them 100% clean
A tram system that is operated by a robot where you can stop as you please and not at stations
"I lived in Japan and really enjoyed their system of underground rail. I think most cities in the United States could benefit from such a system, which has the added benefit of cutting down on DUIs. There is no rail system in my town."
I would like it if the area I lived in used a bike sharing system like I have seen in some other major cities like Portland and Minneapolis.
A new carpool system. You get together with a group of people at a park and ride. Park your car there and commute in a van with a group of people to work. This save gas and some of you can nap while the other is driving.
"Since rail is very expensive, I'd like to see more express bus routes, hopefully with their own lanes to keep them flowing faster than traffic and give an incentive to use them.  Make the buses as comfortable as possible, again as an incentive for use."
A skateboard tram that runs on a track through the neighborhood to the local bus stops
"Atlanta could have a much, much wider public transportation system. The subway would go to many different neighborhoods, extending in different directions instead of being a simple cross. More money and attention would be given to public transportation, extending bus and trolley service while halting the neverending expansion of parking and roads. Much more attention will be given to cyclist and pedestrian safety, with enforced ticketing for drivers that ignore traffic laws along with more bike lanes and pedestrian crossings."
"Ride scooters to a local bus stop that. Houses scooters on the bus, up to 10 miles from house, to work in the inner city, (25 miles from bus stop) it would save gas and pollution, instead of 25 people driving take a bus. Scooters get better Mpg and it's safer to stay on a bus on a highway than a scooter."
It would be amazing if we had a subway in my city. It would go to good use and people would use cars less. Everyone drives around here because the bus system is lacking and public transport is difficult. We would benefit from a subway system.
This is the best way to move around
A rail system which uses the median on interstates for the tracks. That way no space needs to be cleared for infrastructure. Entrance and exit would need to be to overpasses the interstate travels under.
A pick up service that allows you to rack up points for free future pick ups
Have a beer machine. You pay for a beer but the person before you picks the one you get. Then you get to choose the one the next person gets. It'll be in a bar or something so that people will be adequately drunk. It will be an easy subject matter for two people to talk about.
A golf cart-like train that circles the small town I live in on a regular basis.
"I live in a snowy climate, so there are a lot of times that we can't drive our cars anywhere because of all the snow. So a snowmobile taxi might work."
Self driving rental trucks.  They come to you instead of having to drive it all the way across town to where you live. You load  then unload your stuff then it drives itself back to the rental place.
I would like to see an expanded light rail system with more of a neighborhood connection.  Right now our light rail pretty much just connects the Downtown core with the airport.
"The transportation system would be like the sidewalks that move in the airport, you would just stand on the sidewalk and it would move you where you need to go."
"A new taxi service that uses mopeds rather than cars. It's something used quite frequently in other countries (such as Brazil). You would be able to call for assistance or simply stop them off the side of the road (just like a taxi, obviously)."
"Automated segways, for getting to local spots without having to do anything, ie get to the bar and back"
I think a form of public transportation could be an electric type of subway that runs on a non intrusive track layed into the pavment much like a train track. It could be shaped like a normal subway but on the roof space there would be solar panels to generate electricity needed to run. Any remaining power needed could be provided by the tracks.
"Rent a scooter in the summer. These would be like the automatic bike rental stations in many cities, only you'd rent rechargable electric scooters. Station would charge them"
"Drones.  It seems these are getting bigger all the time, so why not make them large enough to ride on."
Renewable energy vehicle such as an electrical bus or trolley. An Uber like service that uses low emissions vehicles or electrical ones.
"A jitney that makes local stops within a few miles of a small town.  My town would be perfect as an example.  Most errands can be run in a 10 mile radius.  This includes, post office, shopping centers, DMV, library, etc.  there could be a call in to meet at nearest cross stop.  We have 2 main roads that run through town so this would be very easy to implement."
"An alternate transportation system in my neighborhood would be a free transportation system that can take you anywhere that you like. Paying for transportation is not easy since everybody carries debit or credit cards nowadays. Hardly anybody has change or cash on them. Free transportation would be great, and it should be something other than a bus. It should just be a regular vehicle as well with a friendly driver to take you somewhere."
Drone-based transport. You harness yourself to a drone capable of lifting your weight and off you go.
A super quick train that would be lightning fast
"A system where there are rails above you and nothing underneath you.

You sit in a cart of sorts and you are guided along near the streets, maybe above the streets or sidewalk.

The railings connect overhead and end at each sidewalk and gives you a nice view of the neighborhood, kind of like a ski-lift."
Transporttaion which contains automatic opening and closing door.
"Our small city is fairly bike/walker friendly, but I think a bike rental kiosk or a bike trading program would be so helpful. I don't own a bike, but I'd like for it to be easier and quicker to get around without driving."
"A new transportation system for my neighborhood would be a uber-like bus service. Buses have specific routes, and can stop at any point on that route if you use the service. That way you can have one pick you up close to your house instead of having to drop your car off at a bus station."
I live in a town right on the ocean and there are many canals here. I think a canoe taxi service would be really convenient and fun. It wouldn't get people to their desired locations super fast but it would allow people to travel leisurely and enjoy the scenery along the way. It would also be really healthy for the people driving the canoes and help them to stay fit.
bullet train running straight up and down the west coast would be super popular.
Recycling energy for use
a vehicle that goes around the neighborhood and offers free homework help for kids.
"More bike lanes, or a sky tram to get around, traffic around here is weird."
A car sharing system to help with the last leg or mile of transportation from the bus or rail or subway. A system where you have a share or part ownership in a fleet of cars.
ROAD TRANSPORT - CAR IS THE BEST TRANSPORT SYSTEM TO TRAVEL (WE ARE FREE FROM POLLUTION AND ACCIDENTS)
Underground direct tubes that connect city/town major hubs with one directional transport.
A network on on-demand vehicles that are linked and matched with the city's mass transit system.  The user would input a destination and be offered pickup options based upon the current locations of the network's assets.
A way to have not cars on the street but have a series of pullies that connect the houses so we can all move around with our kids.
I think if we had automatic cars that you could order from your smart phone when you wanted it.
a fleet of electric bikes that get people around the city for a dollar a ride
"A more thorough bus system with buses running more frequently and covering a wider area.  Other modes would not be feasible for this area.



An Uber-type crowd-sourced system for carpooling."
"Gyroscopic personal vehicles. These devices would generate a magnetic field in opposition with the earth's magnetic field, creating levitation and allowing for free and easy transportation."
"I propose a motorcyle service that goes and fetches small items on demand (diapers, over the counter medicines, dinner supplies). I think this would be very useful for senior citizens and families with young children or single people who dont feel well."
very small airports that can be used for short destinations and work as a taxi service for work.
"Electric bikes can be charged wirelessly using inductive charging ""stations"" on the road. This would help with the longevity of the electrical charge and reduce carbon emissions from fuel-powered cars."
These are different methods of wheeled transportation modes.
"My idea is a set of loaner bikes that are placed all around small cities. Every bike rack in town would have at least one bike at the start of the day. If you need a bike, you take it and drop it off at the nearest bike rack to your location. Everyone would always have a bike and not have to worry about returning it. It would work like a rental car that goes one way but you don't have to pay for it."
"My idea is a heater in a home that is powered by running your other appliances. During the winter, when you turn on a light, run the dishwasher or dryer, it would charge up the heater."
There was an idea to get a high speed rail in my town. It never happened but it would have been cool. It would have taken half an hour to get to a town 2 hours way. It would have been innovative! But the government shut down the idea. For what reason? Who knows.
"A rental system for electric scooters and regular bicycles where you can drop it off at any local dropoff venues (bars, stores, etc). Pay by hours. An app with a map that shows all options, and also has ride-sharing help."
Self driving bicycles powered by solar power!
A series of bike only transit lanes with stop lights for them at major roads.
I would go with a moped service.  There would just be mopeds position around town and you have to drop it off at your stop to check out.
"Companies should use some of their advertising budget to provide rides to certain places.  This would double as advertising for that company, so they would not lose out on money and we could get unique transportation for several untapped routes, especially if it is discovered that a lot of people are traveling outside of their usual living area, like for a special event.  The companies could create specialized buses so that several people can ride, and can put their logo on the outside of the bus and could name the transportation something catchy using the company name so that word-of-mouth provides extra advertising."
Pedicabs with dedicated lanes.
"I think that a cool new transportation system would be a bike that we all pedal. It would be a long bike, maybe 5-8 seats long on each side. It would start with one rider who will then ride to other people's houses to pick others up. They would get on the bike and start peddling to pick the next person up."
build so many subways for two wheeler travelling
Inexpensive choppers so everyone can fly.
"I would like transportation will be very technical in the sense that people will be floating using a specific skateboard look a like car. wherein people could just go anywhere, any direction. no traffic or what not."
I would love a rail system to be installed in our city going north/south along the coast.
There needs to be a new system that picks you up at your place. A bus system that you can call to pick you up and the closest one will come. Kind of like a taxi but a bus so it can carry a lot more people.
I would love to see the use of self propelled equipment like hover boards and such used to help decrease emissions from cars. Highways and roads could be established just for such travelors. and we would also save money on gas
"Something like a chair lift system except that it is very fast and reliable. It would be located in the most frequented hubs in the city and each chair would be a single seat so there is no worry about people being isolated in ""pods"" with strangers which could be dangerous."
Make commute to work easy.  Save the environment. Use your private transport to reach public transport.
"Shared taxis are what we need.  They are actually a really useful idea!  These already exist in places like Thailand (songthaews), but we need them in my town.  This way, not everyone feels like they need a car to get around town.  Given that traffic is always a mess, we can assume there will be a cheap shared ride going in everyone's intended direction sometime soon.  You just flag one down, tell the driver where you're going, and if it's in the same general direction as the other passengers, you get in and go with them.  I think this makes more sense than having a mess of private cabs or Uber drivers going back and forth across town to take one person each time.  If a city can't build a decent bus and tram network, it should invest in shared taxis."
Hyperloop system that connects various California cities through ultra-fast tunnels
"ROAD TRANSPORT - BICYCLE IS ONE OF THE BEST TRANSPORT. IN EARLIER DAYS PEOPLE USED CYCLE TO MOVE FROM ONE PLACE TO ANOTHER. NOW-A-DAYS CYCLING HAS COME TO FITNESS CENTER TO MAKE BODY TRIM. USING CYCLE WE MAKE OUR BODY TRIM, NO POLLUTION AND NO FUEL COST."
Any type of hoover mode of transportation allowing driver to avoid accidents and hoover past slow moving traffic.
A smart road grid that would integrate with electronic on each vehicle and be able to route traffic flow for the best efficiantly give traffic patterns at a given moment
Future transportation is the Shower transporter. You get ready for where you want to go and then simply hop in the shower and press a button to be teleported to your pre-progammed destination. E.g. you will have regular places like your work and supermarket already programmed in with addresses. The shower will pop out through your roof and drop you off at your destination by taking the sky-way and then return home. Just remember to take your shower calling watch with you to buzz your shower teleport back when you want to return home. No more traffic no more waiting no more parking just flying showers :)
"In the future we'll have trains and buses still, but they'll be much more extensive. It's impossible to do much more in a space as congested as New York City."
A way to reduce congestion would be to have more water busses.  It can work like uber or just a regular bus.  There could be many ports or just a few to cut long ride times.
"Personalized drones/quadrocopters. We are beginning to see drones for small package delivery.  Only a matter of time before batteries have enough power and are light enough to lift a human and it's own weight.  I could see them being about 3'x3' with a small seat.  Landing feet on shock absorbers. You would still use the rules of the road, and fly 15 feet above the current road structure."
We have no light rail
Open a government-funded shop that lets people buy bikes at a discount. This way more people will have an incentive to ride bikes instead of driving around.
instead of sidewalks they could have people movers
Monorails really can be implemented between high occupancy areas..  There can be direct routes to places such as grocery stores or department stores that people frequent a lot.  This will also boost business and sales if people can access these places quicker.
"Biking Paths - in my city there are hardly any bicycle paths that can take you from east to west.  Biking paths would be ideal because they don't require energy from oil/gasoline.  Not very innovative, but I think this transportation system would benefit my community the most.  I would love to bike to and from work, but right now the only way to get to work is on major roads which do not have biking lanes, and would be unsafe to ride on."
Moving bench that is connected to tracks to help older people travel short distances within their neighborhoods.
I would like to see a high speed train connect all the major cities in my state as well as the major cities bordering our state.  I envision this high speed train to have minimal stations.  This would eliminate the need for air travel and long road trips.
I would like a connected light rail system in my city that would sprawl from downtown to the metro suburbs. It would bring more people in and out of the city for business and commerce.
A tram in each Mohalla (Locality) that goes to a central place called Zero point and from there a common bus takes all the passengers that arrives in trams to the market.
"A people mover like in the airport, but in place of regular city sidewalks instead."
we introduce highly integrated solar plants.
A smart electric trolley hybrid system that is integrated with the current roadway network. The electric power for the network is generated by turbines in the city water supply.
Firefighters are using jet-packs in Dubai to combat fires in skyscrapers. I propose we use jet-packs for personal transport. It's hard enough to travel in big cities like Miami with all the traffic. Having your own jet pack allows you to literally fly away from a stressful situation such as sitting in traffic or waiting for public transportation. It will save time and is fun. This futuristic technology is here and it works.
"Might as well offer mass transit that also includes dining services in the bus, in addition to completely free wifi.  Could also offer services to wash cars at the pick up site, so that when you get to your car in the evening it's already clean"
"Maybe a neighborhood car service where people pitch in a certain amount per month, and then they can order a car to drive them anywhere in the neighborhood that they need to go to"
Use of a sky tram.  It runs over the roads so that it doesn't increase traffic.
Rentable/borrowable bicycles kiosks
There should be tesla based uber.
extremely light rail. People hop into 1 person rail cars that take up less room than a bike lane. There would be no waiting at the rail station because it leaves as soon as you get in.
IT SHOULD BE BICYCLE. BECAUSE IT DOESNOT CREATE POLLUTION AND OUR CHOLESTROL LEVEL TO BE NORMAL.
Have a monorail system around town. It'll reduce pollution because people will have fun using it instead of driving their cars.
"A bus that is programed to do the fastest route possible for what people need. There is a station where they push their destination, and a program figurs out who needs to go where and the best way to do it. Reduces wait time and makes more people want to use it."
"I live in a very rural area that doesn't get bus service because of low population. My idea would be a bus service that runs on the same premise as a taxi service... when someone in the area would need a ride, the bus would alter its route to pick up a passenger. That way, the remote area could be serviced by mass transit, yet wouldn't have to waste fuel or money driving to the remote area all of the time. These requests could be put in via phone, web portal, or e-mail."
I would like to see a system that would be quicker for pickups and drop offs. This would mean vehicles similar to busses but smaller and more efficient.
electric vehicles are rented out for short periods of time and are readily available. noone owns a personal vehicle. this leads to great reuse.
"A board that can actually hover above the ground, perhaps I'm thinking of a jet pack. But it would be something that would allow the rider to maneuver around slightly above the ground."
There is no subway system here
"Snowmobile taxi service kind of like uber. We're supposed to get a foot of snow in a week and I really don't want to have to deal with driving in it, worrying about getting stuck. We should have a fleet of snowmobile drivers to help get people to and from work. Cut down on accidents and stress."
"Social media organized transport, where person going somewhere lays out their destination and other people can see their route and request a pickup."
Automatic in the Technologies transport for signal
"Mobile app that can change bus schedules based on need of riders. Heavy traffic from north to south and buses aren't coming fast enough, reroute from the east."
best auto with solar energy as source
Need some local innovative  bullet train in our neighbourhood
"Short term personal car loans. People who have an extra car could loan them to people who don't generally have a car, or for those who have a car in the shop. Customers would pay a day rate to borrow the car and agree to pay for any  damages unto the car."
Uber for helicopters.
"A trolley would be fantastic. Quiet, reliable, and rustic."
"For transportation in my neighborhood we have cars, and buses. The most popular mode of transportation being the four door family sedan type car. Following that it's the minivan and then the four-door trucks. They can be seen whizzing back and forth on the roads causing many traffic jams during peak morning hours."
"point to point lift system, like ski lifts. small town with lots of lakes and sunshine"
We must have more fuel saving transport so that we can use less fuel and more milage
To reduce gridlock and rush hour traffic governments should offer tax incentives for employers offering a staggered work day. I.e. Employees scheduled to be gin work at different times rather than the 7-10 o'clock  morning hour.
"A train would be useful in my city. It would be most useful to travel out to other nearby cities. Traffic is extremely bad on the interstate where I live, and a train would be incredibly useful for traveling to the popular cities surrounding my city."
future transportation system in my neighborhood is very important our life.
electronic billboards that tell which routes to take that currently have less traffic
I propose a truly revolutionary idea.  Personal sky paths.  It is about time we had highways in the sky to combat our now crowded roadways.  Added safety measures would be put in place like mandatory parachutes for civilian travel.
Electric camper style van. This would be completely powered by electricity and allow people to live in their vehicle. This would allow the electric system in the car to work synonymous with the electric system in the camper.
A horse drawn carriage service that you can request to come pick you up at your home. This would be for enjoying a beautiful day out on the road while getting to your destination. This would be for people in no rush but people who also want to enjoy the scenery as they go.
electricity is the great discover
"There has been a lot of talk around the country in the last several years about bullet trains.  I would like to see a dedicated train that funnels people downtown for work, no stops."
"I think we could have carpool vans that schedule drop offs for us in the city which could save gas and promote a green clean transportation system. Also, we could take turns as drivers, with GPS equipped and a convertible top for sunny days."
"An above-ground train system. We scrapped a trolley system, and some areas can't support a subway. Above-ground might be useful for us."
"Create a very strong drone that has bench seats for people. It'll be like a flying bus, able to get people to their destinations faster than a traditional road bus."
Flying Car
"A light rail from city center to neighboring suburbs that would replace thousands of commuters and make rush hours less crowded and stressful. This could be as simple as one station in each suburb (thus 10-15 total stations), or a more complex system with multiple stations in each suburb."
"I think a good idea will be to use electric cycles instead of a bike or a car in metros. They not only help in decreasing pollution as well as motivating people towards physical exercises.



A proper network of e cycles and connected to a main frame can be seen as a new transportation system emerging. Moreover this can also be used as a public transportation system by constructing cycle stands where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine."
"I would like to see a short-term car rental service with semi-autonomous driving. For example, if I needed to go to the airport and didn't want to leave my current car in a parking lot their I could rent a car that I could summon with a smartphone app. The car would be able autonomously drive directly to me or a location I choose through the app. After I was at the location of my choosing and no longer needed the car, I could then use the app to send the car away."
Free car services to parents with kids in school.  Too cold to walk in the frigid weather.
"This idea uses jetpacks, yes jetpacks!   These would be some of the first practical jetpacks and be used to get around town for shorter distances of about 30 minutes away with high powered fans for safety reasons."
drone
Make public transportation fares partially/fully state or local tax credits or deductible
monorail loop from college to mall to hospital to rail line
"I would like to have small trams throughout the county, making it more convenient for people to travel from city to city without stopping"
Long electric sidewalks with chairs installed on them
We have lots of busses that are never full. Phase them out in favor of smaller vehicles that are electric or hybrid.
A high speed conveyor belt that travels through peoples' houses that can take people to city centers.
A rail system that goes from the outlying suburbs to the big city.
"The transportation system in my neighborhood consists of each person driving their own cars. Occasionally, people will carpool, but there is no public transportation and walking is not feasable."
Why not build a gondola series with multiple stations in various areas of town
Trolleys and Trains in metropolitan areas should all be under a subway.
Hoverboards that really move along and can occupy the bike lanes in some major cities would help unclog pedestrian side walks. Lnaes for Elf cars and Fred Flintstone type vehicles. More companies should be like Google and provide transportation for their employees. Hoover boats that glide across bays 10 times faster that farries plowing throw the water.
"In my city, it is almost impossible to not having a car since the public transportation is not that good. However, car ownership can be quite expensive. Car sharing could reduce the cost of having a car, we can build a system that anyone can use a ""public"" car that can be shared after paying a certain fixed cost up-front and hourly/daily rate afterward."
"monorail...if it works for disney world, it can work anywhere."
the best transportation where i live is a personal car. it is the fastest and most convenient for the type of city i live in.
A light rail that goes around town quickly and efficiently with routes that will help the people who use it most.
"RAID-N, where you can put together multiple drives of different sizes to reach the optimal size vs. redundancy mix automatically, just by plugging in an additional drive (whether it be USB, SATA, etc)."
I would like to see a system of electric cycles in use.  This would entail magnetic railways and charge stations.  Two advantages would be charging cost at the charging stations and less pollution by using electric.
We should be giving people a tax deduction for doing more walking and/or bike riding to reduce transportation in vehicles.  This applies to my city because everything is so close!
A taxi system that allows discounts for occasions when there are more than one person in the ride
"I live on an army base. There are hundreds of vehicles that just sit around and collect rust, and it would be wonderful if the military could find some way to rent these vehicles out to the public. This would create income for individual units and help add to their budget, as well as providing vehicles to civilians who need them and even potentially drawing in interested persons who would otherwise never have driven a military vehicle."
"A chair lift system to get from point a to point b, with multiple stops along the way if you need it."
Three wheel motorbikes that are connected via a mesh network. They are actually taxis for people who hate cars and prefer more modes of transportation.  They serve the local community.  They use augmented reality displays. Passengers log in and request rides using augmented reality devices.
I think a van that picks people up when the driver knows that person needs a ride because it is dark or they don't have a vehicle would be nice. The van would be wide enough to hold at least twenty people. It would be low maintenance. It would get good gas mileage. It would be comfortable.
Roller coasters to get from one critical area to another critical area.
I would think a fleet of hovercraft would be amazing.  They wouldnt damage roads like cars and would allow people to get around with a minimum usage of energy.
"I live in the city, so I personally would like to see a more wide variety of taxi services and cabs around, than so many buses. I understand they are a good thing, for they can transport many people at once, but they also very slow and hold up others in traffic."
My Idea would be to make the alleyways in my city a lot more bike friendly.  Honestly they are very rarely ever used by the city or homeowners so to make them this way would be beneficial for so many others. This would I believe encourage more people to use bicycles since I know I am terrified when riding my bicycle next to extremely lage and fast moving automobile traffic on my cities roads and highways.
"A bus system similar to a paternoster, but horizontal instead of vertical. This would be a system of interconnected cars with seats that would follow along a set track in a loop, and always be running, so people would just walk on and walk off the system when they reached their stop - no stopping and starting."
Get scientists to develop teleportation technology so eventually people can use personal teleporters to go wherever they want.
"Automated bus lines that run to every street in America. Something similar to a trolley system, without the rails."
Electric skate line that is powered throughout the whole city.
I think that an interesting mode of transport in my mountain town would be a ski lift type system that runs behind the businesses on main street and stops at every corner. The reason for this is our huge lack of parking and the congestion that cars cause in the shopping district. It would be unusual and fun and it could connect to the large parking area at the convention center.
"vehicles that life themselves to allow ""stacking"" of cars, this would reduce traffic by half."
"Scooters or bikes for rent put in areas that are too far to walk but for people who can't afford a car, uber, or taxi. You could rent them for a day and return them to the area that evening or keep them for another day's charge like a Redbox sort of system."
"I live in NYC. Travel is not too difficult, with the only real concern being the price of a subway ticket or a taxi ride. With more options, they become cheaper, but space is also an issue. I believe that since the roads and the undergrounds are already full, the only real option is to expand transportation above ground, such as on rails between buildings. This would create tiers of roads to be used by trains, that would speed up and cheapen the overall problem."
We ought to revisit the trolley system because the buses in New York City are plagued by heavy traffic. We should have electric trolleys on main thoroughfares. It worked in the old days. Sometimes old ideas mixed with new technology is GENIUS!
Small train track.  A small train that works on tracks set in your neighborhood.
network and internet is biggest world wide technology
Instead of traveling people can log on to fully functional robots around the city. When they are done they log off so someone else can use them. They would be able to function just like a human body.
"With the lack of public transportation in my area and the small amount of people that would actually use it, I think an easy solution would be to simply use small, gas efficient cars as public transportation. A  few small cars or hybrids that could fit 2-4 people would allow the city to have a public transportation system but would also keep it small and at a lower cost to maintain. There could still be a fee to use this and it would help to not only cover the expenses to run but with the higher fuel efficiency it would be easier to turn a profit. It's almost like a city owned taxi service."
Scooter New technology in excercise
Having cars that drive themselves come and pick you up and take you where you need to go
"Take the train  to its nearest destination  to your destination.  Get off the train, and rent a bike or scooter to take you to your exact location.  Drop off the bike there, and it's waiting for you for your return trip to the train.  Monthly passes cover all types of transportation and cards are used for bus, train, bike and scooter use."
"My city would benefit from an elevated and enclosed train line. Regional rail is the preferred choice for many commuters but is unreliable and frustrating due to weather and traffic related delays. Though the infrastructure investment would be great, we are in need of an overhaul anyway and should improve the current system."
We want to use battery car in our neighborhood because it is has no smoke and also it will not affect the environment and will make us safe   .
"A person's place of employment, such as a hospital could conceivably shuttle employees from home to work via a small bus. The city or county could be divided into quadrants to further facilitate timely pickups. This would definitely free up traffic if the workplace had 9000+ employees."
more side roads for less congestion on main roads
"Drones.  They are on the cutting edge of technology.  Amazon is going to implement them.  I think sending drones to go pick up your dry cleaning or your groceries would be very attractive to a great number of people.  It will be the future of transportation of goods.  You can pilot your own drone, or you can have a drone for each store.  You rent one from the dry cleaners, the grocery store, etc.  They are pre-programmed to travel their flight path and the people at the store load 'em up and send them back home to you.  This is perfect especially in cold weather or snowy areas."
Flying cars
A rent a bike program. Where you can rent and return electric bicycles. It could be either manned by a person or just a machine.
"Public skype/facetime stations in major transportation hubs (bus or train stations, airports)."
Governments could offer tax incentives for individuals willing to give up their personal vehicles in favor of public transport or other environmentally friendly methods of commuting.
"I think a good idea will be to use electric cycles instead of a bike or a car in metros. They not only help in decreasing pollution as well as motivating people towards physical exercises.



A proper network of e cycles and connected to a main frame can be seen as a new transportation system emerging. Moreover this can also be used as a public transportation system by constructing cycle stands where they can be charged and the cost of public transport can be paid in the machine."
a trolley system that goes through the main line of town. hop on/hop off style so that people can use it to get to work
Automated Bicycle Rental Station. When i was visiting colorado i was so fascinated to see that they had Bicycle Rental Station nearly everywhere.  That be so cool to have in my city!
"in the future i would like for there to be a bus that is run on peddles that way people are able to work out while getting to where they need to go and they can take breaks if they are too tired. however, they cant stop for too long. also this will decrease the amount of gas that is being used"
Monorail free everywhere
a railway system that goes over parts of the city and is solar powered so its more efficient.
"It is not innovative in terms of the whole world, but would be very innovative in my community - bike shares. The area where I live is suburban, so difficult to get enough riders for frequent mass transit. And it's too spread out for just walking. Bike share stands, where subscribers had a code to access bikes from a bike locker, would allow people to commute from place to place (even just to nearby main bus routes) with relative ease."
Scooter would be great transportation for college kids and busy cities.
"An underground system in my small town like a subway. But instead of a subway underground, it would be those moving sidewalks you see in the airports that you could walk or glide quickly from place to place."
"Currently, my city is very underserved by the public transportation system. I believe that the existing public transit should be expanded with a greater fleet of buses, so that all people in my community could be served. The buses currently in operation only reach about half (if that) of the city's occupants, leaving many without an opportunity to get where they need to go quickly and affordably."
"Rent a cycle, a set of motorcycles that you can pay for per hour to take and go to the store or rent for the day for work on warm days. they'd have a wheel lock like the citi bikes in New york so you put your card in and go"
A bicycle with spheres instead of wheels
Bike rickshaw
"A bus that has a design similar to a hydrofoil boat. The bus would run on special tracks that would be parallel to each other on opposite sides of a street. This passenger compartment would be on top, with the ""foils"" connecting to the two tracks. There would be open space underneath the passenger compartment where the road is. This way, the bus could move unimpeded by traffic, while also not disrupting traffic itself. Also, passengers would not even see the traffic below them, making the ride smooth, comfortable, and consistent."
"The future transportation system would include a bus that runs through the country, as I do not live in a big city. It would stop at the end of each road, where you could meet it and get a ride into town. I feel like it would be more efficient."
Everything runs on automated self driving cars.  Normal cars are not allowed on the road.  Everything will run smoothly since it is computer operated and parking spaces won't be needed.  Bicyclists will no longer have to worry.
teleportation. all you have to do is build a teleporter at each major hub in your city and you're golden
"I live near the water, so water transportation would be nice to have. It could be a system of ferries that can go from port to port, carrying passengers like a bus system. This would reduce the amount of cars on the road and the amount of traffic."
"My idea is re-creating the Trolly car, they would go through neighborhoods and people can hop on and off as it slowly moves."
A pedi cab service similar to Uber. People would sign up to drive people around on their bicycles. It's a small neighborhood and could easily be done. The call service could have a phone app and website to make it easier to schedule pick ups.
