level 1 : north south , level 2 : north east , level 3 : eastwest , level 4 : downtown , level 5 : circle , level 6 : bus interchange , level 7 : taxi , level 8 : airport , level 9 : JB malaysia ``



motor , chair ``

trance/port , press your destination , food bar |personal flying , solar powered , battery pack ''

fly over building , longer distance | cable car system , automatic , building to building | short distance , motorised skate ``

travelator - conveyor belt | capsule tube | lavitator pod

Fly like iron man | four directional hamster ball

levitate by magnet ? | bounce

work at home | Escalator city , double up a goods/mail delivery system , mobile office | car-free zone , car at underground road , surface car-free , car at the underground ''

The railing connect overhead and end at each sidewalk and give you a nice view of the neighborhood , kind of like a ski-lift . ''

a subway train that becomes a plane

I would set up a monorail system that started at all development and went to all the store in the area . The monorail would always be moving at certain interval with no delay .

I could imagine single rider tram car . The car would be tethered to cable above the street . Something akin to ski lift carriage , but completely enclosed in glass . Advantage would be thy could run off electric current and would reduce ground street traffic ''

A monorail system to transport to downtown and around the area easier .

In future may happens not to get petrol or diesel . So human may changed and adopted for bicycle may possible for short travelling . For long travelling Bulllet train are come with all major city in near future .

think it will be self driving car aka taxi coming soon . really when apple say they are working on a self driving car

A trolley , or electric street car system . ''

A system where you can pay a subscription cost of one flat rate per month that would then reduce all of their cab fee for the month . For example you would pay $ 20 per month and have all cab bill for that month reduced by % 50 .

In the small community I live in , a rickshaw would be perfect . ''

I feel the best is a transportation tunnel . It should run around 150 mile per hour and provide food accommodation a well a sleeping area !

I think the idea of rickshaw are a good one . But in most place , like city or suburban area with hill , a traditional rickshaw would n't be practical . I think that a bike with an electric motor and a cab on the back would be a good solution . It 's nicer for the environment and a more personal con
nection than a taxi . Plus , traffic might be alleviated a bit since there 's le car on the road . ''



I would create a bicycle rental system that wa accessible to wheelchair . Pittsburgh created rental bicycle , but they left out disabled adult . ''

My city need a monorail that transport people from the suburb to downtown and vice versa . the highway are not very good at providing an efficient way . A monorail would be fast and perfect

Each neighborhood get together to say what time they will be leaving that ha a automatic system that will call and tell everyone in the neighborhood or in short distance where they are going and when they are leaving . That way they can catch a ride with others and not have to guess where or when th
ey are leaving . It could be like a carpool system where everywhere you go it will auto call if that person is gong to another location and you still have room in your vehicle .

I imagine a new transportation system that wa both friendly to the environment and fast . These new vehicle would be autonomous , run on electricity and maintained by the city and housed in a centralized location . When someone determines that they need to get to one place , they would simply summon
 the vehicle from their computer or a mobile phone and the vehicle would be there promptly to pick them up . In this city , there would be no other form of public transportation , no one would own their own vehicle or drive themselves and all vehicle ' location and speed are tracked through a centra
l computer so that each `` '' pod '' '' or vehicle would be able to take the most efficient route at the most efficient speed . ''

Cars utilize an antenna again to capture radiowaves and microwave in the air . They then use these wave and transfer them into energy to charge a battery . They are working all the time in order to charge the battery , and can be plugged in to power in the case the battery run low . ''

A system could allow car to drive up to a rail station and be loaded onto a platform . It could be optional to have the driver stay inside for short trip or get out for longer trip . The platform could then allow car to be quickly transported along rail line instead of having to consume fuel . These
 can be used on older le used rail track , making use of existing infrastructure and help clear traffic along busy highway . ''

Ultimate monkey bar . People are too fat in my area , forcing them to travel via monkey bar across the neighborhood should help not only with emission decrease , but weight decrease a well ! There will just be an overhead system running the length of the sidewalk at 7 foot high so no one get hurt if
 they fall . ''

A both walking and bike lane that provides safety from traffic , is well lit , and connects key location around the neighborhood . ''



I would like to imagine being able to create a app and that us credit card . and invent a motorcycle scooter that ha a huge row of seat in the back and run like a mini van and use it a a taxi service . for only the city that I live in and name it Go Scooter transportation .

I like the idea of transportation via crowdsharing of bicycle . There 's something like that already in my city , but you can only pick up the bike in certain area . I wish there wa a way to share bicycle via an app like Lyft or Uber , when someone is done with the bike you can pick it up near them
when you are in the area . ''



Tampa , FL is one of the largest metro area in the country without any sort of rail system , and traffic is bad . I would love to see a commuter rail system in our town , with a downtown hub and then line extending north to the Wesley Chapel/Lutz area , out to Brandon , and then another line out to
the Westshore/Airport area . ''

A ride pool system like uber that us van to take people to similar destination . Like an employee car pool , but done by a third party . Blend of employee car pool , and lyft line ( I think that 's what it 's called ) . ''

Human-sized pneumatic tube transport . People would step into human-sized transport cylinder which would then be sent to their final destination through a network of pneumatic tube that run beneath the city street . This transport method wa used extensively in the past for smaller scale item like ma
il and small package . There is no reason it could n't be scaled up to transport people a well . This concept could be compared to the proposed Hyperloop but on a smaller scale to transport idividuals over shorter distance within a city .

My neighborhood need a car share system between individual . It would be similar to Uber but you would be able to drive someone else 's car for a monthly fee .

Self driving car that could detect traffic/other car and could navigate to a specific location would be great in this town , especially at night to avoid accident due to intoxicated driving of college student . The car could be rented from the town and ordered similarly to taxi cab , and could drive
 student home from the bar for a fee without relying on very tired or intoxicated friend to do so . ''

A big massive trailer with comfortable seat , and a breakfast bar that you can sign up for so it come to your house , or a predetermined bus stop at a certain time . Everything is reserved so you must opt in . On the bus there is simple thing , such a bagels/croissants/danish etc . It 's a good way
to grab a quick bite to eat before work , and wake yourself up with some coffee . The bus will use an algorithm to determine people to put on the bus that are on the way to the same destination , or a similar destination , while not going too far out of the way to pick them up . ''

Environment friendly transportation can be used to avoid global warming . So i prefer Electric train and electric based vehicle .

Drones that carry people - flying car if you will . Lucky owner will fly over traffic jam with ease and get to work in record time .

My neighborhood/city/state is ultra conservative- so having bike lane would be an improvement . Even though this city I live in ( Huntsville , AL ) ha more Ph.D 's per caput we are still woefully behind . Since it 's such a tech town with so many engineer though ... it would have to be something ver
y advanced to get these engineer on board . Like some sort of train driven by magnetic rail . ''

Transportation which contains learning centre for time passing while travelling .

I have an idea for a workout RPG app for smartphones . It is an app that would track your workout and depending on what you did you could level up stats and then have your character go on quest and defeat boss .

I doubt I would take a bus but having them a an option would help some people

Make it so people that are at restaurant can be your delivery driver to get you food . Instead of going to the restaurant yourself you call them up and they order what you want and then deliver it to your house .

Adult tricycle co-op . We have a lot of older people in town , but it 's a small town . Adult trike work just fine in town , and they are more comfortable for older folk . We already have bike line on main street ; we just need a group to invest in some adult trike that can be kept at a central stat
ion on the square near the courthouse . A pick-up drop-off near the two major grocery store would be helpful . ''

an underground walkway with people mover that go from main destination



You did n't clarify what sort of idea you want , but I guess it ha to do with transportation ? There could be smaller car on the road or bigger road for easier form of transport . ''

There are solar powered bus in my neighborhood which are 100 % sustainable and operate autonomously , very much like the commuter tram at some airport such a Miami International Airport . These require no labor , and a such , have no human element involved in decisionmaking . As they are programmed
to stop at interval ( designated by where the bus stop would be ) there is a set time to off-load and pick up customer . OF course , handicapped and large group can press a certain button which would allow more time and/or ramp to deploy . ''





My idea is a computer that detects different user and automatically switch to their profile which already ha their interest and favorite program installed on it .

I wish my neighborhood had a giant conveyor belt for going to all the main place downtown . It would help the older people a well be convenient . It would have to be waterproof and covered . It could run all along the one side of the main intersection without ever having to cross .

With road being overcrowded and at a premium these day , how about some ziplines put in place instead ? A series of wire would be put in place and passenger would be in a small seat powered by battery connected to the wire above . This would also be a much greener form of travel zig zagging across t
he sky ! ''

A circulatory bus system consisting of two vehicle traveling in opposite direction on a set route but with no designated stop . The route in my small district of the city take approximately 20 minute to to circumnavigate and consists of goth commercial district . One would never be more than 10 minu
te fro being able to hail the `` '' jitney '' '' bus . This alleviates the use of regular bus system which is much more focused on funneling clientele to central city and run more or le eradicately.It envisions using current tech and is human centered . It is innovative in it 's goal not hardware .
''

train easy and nice travelling exp

A bus with 8 off road tire and a strong engine that could easily get the passenger through even the snowiest of day . We can call it the Wolverine .

UTILIZE SCHOOL BUSES DURING DOWN TIME TO GIVE CHEAP RIDES

Hover board that actually float by air

light rail

RAILWAYS-Railways is one of the most largest under single management.It carry some 18 million passenger and 2 million ton of freight a day and is one of the worldA¢s largest employer.The railway play a leading role in carrying passenger and cargo across Indias vast territory . There are almost 8000
railway station in the country .

There would be skateboard like device that run on track that are embedded into the road of the city . People could use a phone app to schedule for one of the board to pick them up . The device would show up int he street outside of your house or wherever you currently are . You would hop on and you
would put the address into the app of where you wanted to go .

hot and ready to eat homemade cookie delivery

Giant swing . You can jump off at the peak of the swing and go down big slide to end up on the sidewalk

I want a monorail system to run above street level ( may be 20 foot up or so ) . I want it to connect the suburb to downtown , and circle the city . It would run on magnet so that it would be extremely quiet . It would be extremely fast . I want it to provide a bird 's eye view for commuter . It wou
ld be a very safe way to travel , crime and personal safety would not be an issue . ''

carpooling , so many in our neighborhood go to the same place . We could develop an app to see who can carpool with who .. state where , when you are going somewhere and people can sign up.. if they can drive or can pay for gas ''

Use a sky rail train to transport people . Similar to a subway , but rather than below ground , it would be above ground . ''

I live in a fairly small town that ha a decent amount of people but is n't very large in area . Solar powered railcar could be a viable option for this area . They would only have to travel short distance at once , and it could easily be utilized by everybody in town by having just a few stop . Thin
k about the railcar in San Francisco and other major city being completely solar powered . The electricity saving would be huge . ''

I would like to see a high speed rail system that go across the country ... somehow powered by renewable energy

A sort of rail line , but it 's a single rail and ha many hanging cart . The cart hold maybe 4 people at a time , like a taxi . The price would be cheaper than a bus and they would arrive quickly when you need them . You could push a button on pole that are located around the city , far more often t
han bus stop , and the cart will come to you quickly and take you directly to your destination . No need for bus driver or waiting for traffic ! ''

Horse and carriage . Have someone make scheduled stop using a horse and carriage to pick people up and take them around the neighborhood .

A much-improved subway . It is faster and ha far fewer delay than the current line . It is also relatively affordable .

bus should be branded by route , and have brightly colored easy to identify sign ''

A Railway system for car , like something out of minority report . You can still drive on the road but the speed limit is controlled and there is never any accident because you input your destination into a program in the individual car and let the railway system get you there . ''

An electric scooter renting/check in system

A separate lane for Ride-Share driver . This way the ride-sharing service can cut down on time and money .

Electric scooter rental , have scooter that use the quick charging technology from car but since they 're scooter they 'll charge quicker so they 'll be ready for potential customer ''

It would be a new school bus system that run on renewable energy . No more gas would be needed to get the kid to school and back home . Making our city one more step greener and setting the bar high !

One thing I would love to see in my local area is rent able electric scooter . They would be good for the environment , easy to maintain , and reduce traffic in term of larger vehicle on the road . ''

Tubes and capsule . Capsules would travel from station to station using pressurized air in tube . Like a bank drive up window tube system , but large enough for poeple ''

This area could really use a super speed train that go much faster than traffic . It could travel above the road system and would save ton of time for many people .

A flying car would be a good innovation . We would free up the road making le traffic jam and it 'd give people new experience .



Mopeds take you around like taxi !

Public Busses is the mode of transport most frequently used in my people safety

We all transport by cafe-mobiles . Basically it is a portable cafe . Starbucks for example , sent out mobile that can house two customer and a barista . It is a self driving mobile , so the barista can only worry about serving his customer a they are being driven to work . ''

People step into a box which is like an elevator . It zoom around the street taking you where you want to go . it run on a track run in the street . The track is a small groove in the street that is n't disruptive and allows car to continue to travel on the road .

Future transportation will be cleaner and more environmentally freindly . Cars will run on le fuel and will have better emission

Personal shopping service for senior . No cost to them .

I would like a taxi like system that doe n't charge so high .

It would be great for our city to offer more access to the rail . We could use an updated rail system that would make traveling to our larger city in the state faster , more available , and yet still affordable . It could bring more people to live in our city if they could travel fast to the big cit
y and help grow our town here . Our town is terribly depressed and I think that having a high-speed train or just general more option to travel through it would bring a massive amount of revenue into the city . ''

I imagine an electric trolley like those old school one , but it would be a hybrid system instead and people could hang off the back and ride it . There would be electronic pas card that everyone could swipe on and off and it would be subsidized so anyone could use it for super cheap . ''

In the future , there will be electric powered vehicle system . There will be transportation center with different sized vehicle for rent for a small fee . The vehicle will range in size from one person scooter to six person vehicle . They will be rented on an hourly basis . ''

I would like to see a commuter bus with complete wifi access , a well a office equipment available . ''

I think a bullet train would be very useful . A train that can transport passenger fast in between the major area in the neighborhood , for example to school , the downtown area , the performing art theater , shopping district , the airport etc . It doe n't have to stop very often like a bus but an
instead be used for getting between major area and can be supported by the bus system . ''

I 'd love to see a crowdsourced method of alternate transportation in my city , where people could request ride from others who happen to be in the area and going the direction you need to with a minimal cost . There are so many people who have car and it would be a great option for people who do n'
t have reliable access to one . It could use cell phone apps and perhaps even have a traditional component using telephone for people who are le technologically inclined . The biggest challenge would be safety/security , and I 'm honestly not sure how to overcome that aspect . There could be specifi