[17, 2, 1, 29, 13, 52, 57, 17, 52, 13, 0, 9, 17, 15, 12, 5, 13, 27, 32, 11, 0, 5, 6, 55, 52, 17, 6, 25, 12, 13, 17, 4, 13, 27, 19, 17, 18, 17, 19, 6, 1, 6, 20, 50, 19, 5, 17, 6, 24, 4]
number of clusters :  50
____________________________

Score: 0.0

A bullet train to connect major cities in the state and outside of the state.:
A cablecar system:
A car sharing system to help with the last leg or mile of transportation from the bus or rail or subway. A system where you have a share or part ownership in a fleet of cars.:
A chalkboard based on the same technology as a Magna-Doodle. No more buying chalk or markers.:
A grid system in which people load and unload off of a small transit rail.:
A people mover like in the airport, but in place of regular city sidewalks instead.:
A public bus transport system that will alllow commuters to get from point A to point B. This will allow for citizens to save money and be energy efficient.:
A sensor that let's the parent/ driver know that their child's car seat is properly installed:
A series of small, 2-seater autonomous electric vehicles designed to transport people, on call, to the regular bus routes that already run.  Think of them as the vehicular solution to the 'last mile problem'. This would allow people to completely dispose of their cars, while allowing people with little mobility to utilize the bus system.  Because the autonomous system is limited to the neighborhood -- i.e. roads where the speed limit is, at a maximum, 25 mph -- the vehicles can be pretty lightweight, since they won't have to deal with the problem of high-speed crashes.  Being autonomous, the vehicles can be used by *anyone* of any age. Because they are electrically powered, they place no additional hydrocarbons in the atmosphere.  Because they are in the neighborhoods, they place the bus system within everyone's reach.  Because everyone can use them, day or night, the number of cars on the road can be reduced substantially, thus reducing the hydrocarbon emission problem considerably.  Reducing the number of cars on the roadways make *every* neighborhood 'walkable': the dream of urban planners everywhere. The vehicles could be assembled and maintained locally, therefore  providing local employment. Funding could come out of already-existing local transportation millages: reducing local pollution rates would increase local property values. A small investment in this innovative solution could result in a large increase of the quality of life for everyone!:
A simple bicycle exchange and rental program that works on a library card system. Bicycles are locked up around the city, and there are stations for returning bikes in padlocks. The whole system is operated by swiping a public library card.:
A smart car golf cart hybrid, weight relieved and runs on veg oil or electricity. For short trips ie: school,mail box, corner store. Licenced for the road with a top speed of 45mph:
A smart road grid that would integrate with electronic on each vehicle and be able to route traffic flow for the best efficiantly give traffic patterns at a given moment:
A system with auto mated self driving vehicles powered by cold fusion technology:
A traveler uses an app or calls a number to set up a pickup location and destination. An automated taxi picks the traveler up and takes him/her to a hub. The traveler transfers onto a sky train. The sky train is either a fast monorail or a helicopter. The sky train departs to a hub closest to the destination. The traveler gets off and enters another automated taxi, which finishes taking him/her to the destination.:
All persons having two wheelers or four wheelers or both. That time may be very high traffic while travelling. So increasing the road transportation as possible in near future.:
Alternative transportation could be taking a trolley that would be the same cost as a local bus .:
An air based transportation system built on smart drone technology.  The drone would need to be large enough and powerful enough o carry people and goods:
An electric scooter renting/check in system:
An electromagnetic solar powered monorail. Its only a means to replace a standard city beltway people would commute to parking lots and take the rail to the inner city where it would connect with the local subway and bus system for extentability.:
An elevated air-tram service that connects to other major transportation options. Since it's above-ground, it can bypass a lot of traffic and one-way streets that plague and slow-down current options.:
Apartment complexes that have segway type machines that can be rented out. You can use them to go to the nearby grocery stores, etc, and return after an hour or so.:
Automated high-density, elongated cars.:
Autonomous  vehicles that drive themselves on a smart transportation grid.  Need to go somewhere call for a vehicle tyo pick you up. Most local transport can be done without a personal car.:
Better GPS, on demand service like Uber but for chores, house work, etc:
Car seats with massagers built in.:
Cars with airplane wings!:
Cell phone teleport:
Combine the new driverless car technology with a bus.  Create an app that people use to communicate with the bus and schedule rides.  The app could track their location and do calculations for where everyone is and wants to go then create the shortest and fastest route.  When there are no more riders the bus could park its self.:
Fly for smart phone:
Flying cars:
Flying cell phone:
Free parking for self driving cars. Each family could use one car that would drive them around and then go to a designated spot nearby to wait. In it's downtime, it could even act as cab for other people so families could make more money.:
Giant Ice Luge Expressway That could get people from major buildings across town in a matter of minutes without traffic.:
Golf cart rental - similar to bike rental, but golf carts can hold families. With a small membership fee, you can rent a golf cart for an hour or a day. Return golf cart back to another station when you're done.:
Hover boards:
Hoverboards, such as the one that Tony Hawk endorsed, which use tracks which are magnetized, such as a MagLev train, have tracks going throughout suburbs and cities and we can get around with almost no friction, only air drag and spend less energy getting around.:
How about a lift service through the air.:
I believe a rail car in the middle of the road would be great to take you from one part of the city to the other. This would obey normal traffic rules, but would be a no to low cost solution to transportation that would also drastically decrease DUI and traffic incidents due to alcohol.:
I believe that there should be a police cars that have the ability to take control over other vehicles. For instance, if a criminal is speeding down a highway, then there should be a way to highjack that car in order to ensure the safety for other citizens.:
I envision a bike rack where you can check out bikes that also have an electric motor.  You swipe your credit card (or some sort of near field smartphone transaction, etc) and pay a small rental fee.  If the bike is lost or stolen your card will be charged appropriately.  You can ride around the downtown, college campus, etc, and at the end of the day check the bike back into another (or the same) bike rack.:
I have a transportational idea to use jet packs powered by biofuel.:
I imagine a world where there are high speed rails all over my neighborhood. People will be travel in public transportation in a fast and effective manner to anywhere they want.:
a great discover for human:
all the transport is very very important to our life.:
all the vehicles have very important our life.:
bullet train running straight up and down the west coast would be super popular.:
double decor traines:
electricity is the great discover:
future transportation system in my neighborhood is very important our life.:
good:
	good
	future transportation system in my neighborhood is very important our life.
	electricity is the great discover
	double decor traines
	bullet train running straight up and down the west coast would be super popular.
	all the vehicles have very important our life.
	all the transport is very very important to our life.
	a great discover for human
	I imagine a world where there are high speed rails all over my neighborhood. People will be travel in public transportation in a fast and effective manner to anywhere they want.
	I have a transportational idea to use jet packs powered by biofuel.
	I envision a bike rack where you can check out bikes that also have an electric motor.  You swipe your credit card (or some sort of near field smartphone transaction, etc) and pay a small rental fee.  If the bike is lost or stolen your card will be charged appropriately.  You can ride around the downtown, college campus, etc, and at the end of the day check the bike back into another (or the same) bike rack.
	I believe that there should be a police cars that have the ability to take control over other vehicles. For instance, if a criminal is speeding down a highway, then there should be a way to highjack that car in order to ensure the safety for other citizens.
	I believe a rail car in the middle of the road would be great to take you from one part of the city to the other. This would obey normal traffic rules, but would be a no to low cost solution to transportation that would also drastically decrease DUI and traffic incidents due to alcohol.
	How about a lift service through the air.
	Hoverboards, such as the one that Tony Hawk endorsed, which use tracks which are magnetized, such as a MagLev train, have tracks going throughout suburbs and cities and we can get around with almost no friction, only air drag and spend less energy getting around.
	Hover boards
	Golf cart rental - similar to bike rental, but golf carts can hold families. With a small membership fee, you can rent a golf cart for an hour or a day. Return golf cart back to another station when you're done.
	Giant Ice Luge Expressway That could get people from major buildings across town in a matter of minutes without traffic.
	Free parking for self driving cars. Each family could use one car that would drive them around and then go to a designated spot nearby to wait. In it's downtime, it could even act as cab for other people so families could make more money.
	Flying cell phone
	Flying cars
	Fly for smart phone
	Combine the new driverless car technology with a bus.  Create an app that people use to communicate with the bus and schedule rides.  The app could track their location and do calculations for where everyone is and wants to go then create the shortest and fastest route.  When there are no more riders the bus could park its self.
	Cell phone teleport
	Cars with airplane wings!
	Car seats with massagers built in.
	Better GPS, on demand service like Uber but for chores, house work, etc
	Autonomous  vehicles that drive themselves on a smart transportation grid.  Need to go somewhere call for a vehicle tyo pick you up. Most local transport can be done without a personal car.
	Automated high-density, elongated cars.
	Apartment complexes that have segway type machines that can be rented out. You can use them to go to the nearby grocery stores, etc, and return after an hour or so.
	An elevated air-tram service that connects to other major transportation options. Since it's above-ground, it can bypass a lot of traffic and one-way streets that plague and slow-down current options.
	An electromagnetic solar powered monorail. Its only a means to replace a standard city beltway people would commute to parking lots and take the rail to the inner city where it would connect with the local subway and bus system for extentability.
	An electric scooter renting/check in system
	An air based transportation system built on smart drone technology.  The drone would need to be large enough and powerful enough o carry people and goods
	Alternative transportation could be taking a trolley that would be the same cost as a local bus .
	All persons having two wheelers or four wheelers or both. That time may be very high traffic while travelling. So increasing the road transportation as possible in near future.
	A traveler uses an app or calls a number to set up a pickup location and destination. An automated taxi picks the traveler up and takes him/her to a hub. The traveler transfers onto a sky train. The sky train is either a fast monorail or a helicopter. The sky train departs to a hub closest to the destination. The traveler gets off and enters another automated taxi, which finishes taking him/her to the destination.
	A system with auto mated self driving vehicles powered by cold fusion technology
	A smart road grid that would integrate with electronic on each vehicle and be able to route traffic flow for the best efficiantly give traffic patterns at a given moment
	A smart car golf cart hybrid, weight relieved and runs on veg oil or electricity. For short trips ie: school,mail box, corner store. Licenced for the road with a top speed of 45mph
	A simple bicycle exchange and rental program that works on a library card system. Bicycles are locked up around the city, and there are stations for returning bikes in padlocks. The whole system is operated by swiping a public library card.
	A series of small, 2-seater autonomous electric vehicles designed to transport people, on call, to the regular bus routes that already run.  Think of them as the vehicular solution to the 'last mile problem'. This would allow people to completely dispose of their cars, while allowing people with little mobility to utilize the bus system.  Because the autonomous system is limited to the neighborhood -- i.e. roads where the speed limit is, at a maximum, 25 mph -- the vehicles can be pretty lightweight, since they won't have to deal with the problem of high-speed crashes.  Being autonomous, the vehicles can be used by *anyone* of any age. Because they are electrically powered, they place no additional hydrocarbons in the atmosphere.  Because they are in the neighborhoods, they place the bus system within everyone's reach.  Because everyone can use them, day or night, the number of cars on the road can be reduced substantially, thus reducing the hydrocarbon emission problem considerably.  Reducing the number of cars on the roadways make *every* neighborhood 'walkable': the dream of urban planners everywhere. The vehicles could be assembled and maintained locally, therefore  providing local employment. Funding could come out of already-existing local transportation millages: reducing local pollution rates would increase local property values. A small investment in this innovative solution could result in a large increase of the quality of life for everyone!
	A sensor that let's the parent/ driver know that their child's car seat is properly installed
	A public bus transport system that will alllow commuters to get from point A to point B. This will allow for citizens to save money and be energy efficient.
	A people mover like in the airport, but in place of regular city sidewalks instead.
	A grid system in which people load and unload off of a small transit rail.
	A chalkboard based on the same technology as a Magna-Doodle. No more buying chalk or markers.
	A car sharing system to help with the last leg or mile of transportation from the bus or rail or subway. A system where you have a share or part ownership in a fleet of cars.
	A cablecar system
	A bullet train to connect major cities in the state and outside of the state.
