remove all non commercial traffic.  have extensive light rail connected to robust subway system.  have storage containers deliver large goods.
Smarter stop lights that are better at managing traffic congestion
pod like stock cars for city that run on electric. They can be in routes and be like taxis but driverless.
Combining food delivery services with taxi driving to maximize efficiency.
A way to connect your car with a mobile phone app - you would broadcast your intended route (such as commuting home from work) and share this route with people in your local area. For a small fee (under $5) - someone could ask to "Ride Along" with you along your route - but with no deviations - they would be allowed to get out along the way, but not change your intended path of travel.
we can have a carpooling service where people drive together for free. gas is paid for by every 10th person.
I'm imagining a car sharing service with locations throughout the city where you can go pick up a car without having to reserve one in advance. Nor would you have to interact with any people at the pickup/dropoff location. It would be somehow automated. Perhaps you would subscribe to the service an at annual or monthly rate and be given a special kind of 'key' that would give access to any of the cars currently at the pick up location. It would be first come first serve, and there would be smart technology embedded in both the cars and the keys. Your universal key would be linked to your account, and the car you used would transmit all relevant information to the system. Such as , time of pick up. number of miles drive. amount of gas used. Then the fees would be adjusted accordingly based on the type of car you used, miles driven, gas consumed etc. all of this without any human employees and all the fuss that comes with tradiional car rental. Things like insurance and billing info would all be done upfront when a patron sets up an account. This is genius, the more i think about it!
Car sharing. Everyone can join a club which has some monthly fee, let's say $100. If they pay this, then they find someone who lets them ride everyday with them to work and back home. They driver gets most of the money (the rest goes to overhead) and takes them to and from work everyday. So I guess it's like a taxi service with a monthly fee, hopefully that using people that work with you at your job.
I think having a streetcar system would be amazing, it could be automated to accept fares, and would provide safe transportation for all.
Something like Uber or Lyft, but for getting kids to school. This way it's on an as needed basis rather than paying a flat fee for bus service that may not always be used for one reason or another. Especially when the child is staying late for practice or what not.
Uber like school bus system
I can imagine a speedbus being a new form of transportation.  It can have its own lane or tracks, and go as fast or faster than a train.
I think it would be great to have a jitney-type bus that you could hail like a cab directly from the street.  The jitney would be electric powered and follow a specific route.  I think this would be great because I live in a town that has many tourists, but does not have a large population.  It could shuttle tourists to different areas, but the tourists wouldn't have to worry about a specific bus schedule.  The jitney could drive on streets that are not bus-accessible (some of our streets are "old world" and very narrow). There is also some frustration in my town about not having a vibrant night life because of lack of public transportation.  This jitney would allow people to go downtown, especially college students, and have some drinks without worrying about driving.  One of the stops would be the college campus. The jitney would have a very low fair to encourage people not to drink and drive.  This jitney would help downtown businesses and restaurants.
My small rural town doesn't even have an intact bus system, so anything would be better than it is now. But I would like a service that has people who drive pick up trucks to help you move things. For instance, if you go to the store and purchase a new couch, I'd like to have something like Uber for Pick Up Trucks to call and have them bring my sofa home so that I don't have to pay for outragious delivery fees from the store.
a bus that plays all 80s music all the time
Sleeper buses that pick you up after a night of drinking, and take you to your workplace in the morning, which include showers.
In the city i live in there is no public transportation. If some rails or buses could be brought in it could help a lot of people here.
Busses that come by every 15 minutes to popular spots on campus. Make the schedule more on time and more available to students.
Underground walkways at traffic intersections. This would eliminate the need for crosswalks and improve the flow of traffic.
ROAD TRANSPORT - BICYCLE (GOOD EXERCISE FOR OUR WHOLE BODY, LOW COST AND NO POLLUTION.
There should be a place to rent bicycles for a nominal fee for a day like they do in the big cities. You can rent a bicycle and return it to any place that also rents the same bicycles. You could also rent scooters to be able to do small errands around town.
A human taxi system like they have in Asian countries. A guy can run around with a cart and pick up passengers.
While not practical, Shooting people across the city in canons would be awesome. Perhaps like the air compressed bank tubes for sending stuff out to drivethru?
A human carrying drone. This would require it to be build and withstand certain weight thresholds, such as up to 200 pounds. You would call a drone in and let it know where you want to go. It would pick you up and fly you there at a decent rate of speed and without having to sit in traffic.
A flying bike that can come straight to you with a click of a button from your phone or tablet.
I imagine a magnetic public hovercraft system that goes to individual homes on a grid.
A system with auto mated self driving vehicles powered by cold fusion technology
we introduce solar vehicles.
A bicycle that is completely powered using solar batteries. Therefore, it needs neither peddling nor gasoline for it to keep going.
Obviously teleportation would be awesome, like with portals to common places.
Telepads! The Transportation of the Future! Simply step on this portal pad, and you are instantly transported to your location! The movement of molecules into energy is completely safe, and many users only experience a minor burning sensation for a minute after the teleportation process. Forget flying cars, late trains or other outdated modes of transport, and tele away with Telepads!
We have a lot of old and unused train tracks in my town, so I like to create some kind of manually powered train type vehicle that would each fit several people and could be propelled forward either manually for free or with power for a fee.
There should be large carousel in the city that circles the block, so people just get on a horse and go where they can.
I would love to see a light rail system in my community. I am thinking of above ground trains that would run to the various suburbs and take people to various local stops. These trains should run a regular schedule so people can use them to commute.
A station with a tube in the ground with a high speed pod that would shoot me at a quick speed across the city or across the country in a couple hours. It would be faster than an airplane and safer too.
Vacuum tunnels like the ones that banks use. Get into a pod and set a destination.
Conveyer belt-like roads - the roads move instead of the cars while on a freeway until time to exit -- I haven't figured that out yet.
Make an interstate system that is powered by a conveyor belt.
Change the road into a high speed moving floor, like what they have at airport terminals but faster and with chairs to sit in.  You can board a chair in a parking lot/driveway and operate a machine to choose destination.  The chair will then merge into the moving road and go for the destination.
Elon Musk's Hyperloop, Hi speed trains traveling in tubes above the city.
It be awesome to have Subways to get to downtown faster for Football game and save money on parking.
A high-speed rail that goes around the neighborhood into the city.
My neighborhood will continue to use mainly personal vehicles as a mode of transportation, though the downtown area is working on an underground rail system.
my city needs a subway system badly. A subway system would run in a star shaped pattern through the city and eliminate the terrible traffic in my city
A magnetic railway car, like a trolley, that moves and stops by people pressing buttons on the side of the road
A great mode of transportation in my neighborhood could be a bus or tram that runs along the local parkway (a road that basically goes across the whole town) people would be able to hop on it and ride it to their destination and be there within walking distance when getting off the bus/tram. Could be relatively cheap, clear up traffic with less people having to drive around, and is highly economical.
Railways - Play a leading role in carrying passengers and cargo across India's vast territory.
